It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! ConjuguemosGrade CPointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection This case means that user data is not anywhere in the world, but somewhere where it is more likely to be obtained and used by government and/or possible data analysts. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your account can be suspended for several reasons The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use ConjuguemosGrade C Conjuguemos PointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection This case means that user data is not anywhere in the world, but somewhere where it is more likely to be obtained and used by government and/or possible data analysts. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your account can be suspended for several reasons The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use Points Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection This case means that user data is not anywhere in the world, but somewhere where it is more likely to be obtained and used by government and/or possible data analysts. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. A free help desk is provided A free help desk is provided A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents • Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. • You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection This case means that user data is not anywhere in the world, but somewhere where it is more likely to be obtained and used by government and/or possible data analysts. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • Your account can be suspended for several reasons • The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Third parties are involved in operating the service • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use