It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BumbleGrade DPointsPrivate messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCookies Policy BumbleGrade D Bumble PointsPrivate messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCookies Policy Points Private messages can be read Private messages can be read Private messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 18 years old This service is only available to users over 18 years old This service is only available to users over 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. Documents • Private messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. • Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100 • This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online • A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • This service can use your content for all their existing and future services • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users over 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service • Cookies Policy