Intuit Credit Karma Help center Login Sign up for free About Credit Karma About Press Room Our Security Practices Our Partners Careers at Credit Karma Privacy Policy Terms of Service Purchase Order Terms & Conditions Supplier Programs User Content Rules Credit Builder Check Your Rate Platform Terms for Loans Pre-Qualification Platform Terms for Credit Cards Electronic Communications Consent Mortgage Broker Licenses Loan Broker Licenses Property, Casualty and Life Insurance Lines of Authority Contact Us Credit Karma Help Center: Need help? Visit: support.creditkarma.com Our Security Practices Commitment to Security: At Credit Karma, we take security seriously. So seriously that we’re committed to securing your data as if it were our own. Here’s a breakdown of our security measures: Privacy Practices We do not sell your personal information to or share it with unaffiliated third parties for their own advertising or marketing purposes. Check out our Privacy Policy for more information. Security Practices Credit Karma goes the extra mile when it comes to the safe-keeping of our members’ personal information. We use 128-bit or higher encryption to protect during the transmission of data to our site and encrypt data at rest. If we suspect any suspicious activity on your account then we’ll alert you as soon as possible. Incident Response We have a dedicated security team that investigates and responds to issues as quickly as possible. External Security Assessments We work with independent third-parties who regularly assess our site for vulnerabilities. Plus, our external bug bounty program rewards independent security researchers if they report detected security issues. External Security Auditing Credit Karma, Inc. reviews its online credit management services and systems as well as supporting technologies for ISO27001 (certification details here), and compliance with SOC 2. We hope that this has helped you better understand Credit Karma’s efforts to protect your data. If you have any additional questions or just want to say hello, feel free to email us at security@creditkarma.com. Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube TikTok Pinterest Scan the QR code to download the app Company Info About Credit Karma Careers In The News Engineering Blog Product Blog Supplier Programs Help Help Center How Credit Karma Works? Security Practices Editorial Guidelines Free Tax Filing with TurboTax Legal Privacy Policy CA Privacy Policy Terms of Service Data Preferences Notable Links Credit Card Insights 4 Best Quick Loans for Emergency Cash Best High – Limit Credit Cards 7 ways to find Cheap Car Insurance 7 Auto Loans for Bad Credit How to find a No Fee ATM Machine? Should I Refinance my Mortgage? How to get a Mortgage Preapproval? © 2007–2025 Credit Karma, LLC. Credit Karma® is a registered trademark of Credit Karma, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within Credit Karma are the property of their respective trademark holders. This site may be compensated through third party advertisers. Credit Karma Mortgage, Inc. NMLS ID# 1588622 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access Credit Karma Offers, Inc. NMLS ID# 1628077 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access Credit Karma Credit Builder (McBurberod Financial, Inc.) NMLS ID# 2057952 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access California loans arranged pursuant to Dep't of Business Oversight Finance Lenders License #60DBO-78868. Auto, homeowners, and renters insurance services offered through Karma Insurance Services, LLC (CA resident license #0172748). Only mortgage activity by Credit Karma Mortgage, Inc., dba Credit Karma is licensed by the State of New York. Credit Karma, LLC. and Credit Karma Offers, Inc. are not registered by the NYS Department of Financial Services. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. The Equifax logo is a registered trademark owned by Equifax in the United States and other countries. Credit Karma is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility guidelines. If you have specific questions about the accessibility of this site, or need assistance with using this site, contact us. Please call Member Support at 833-509-1992 or email legal@creditkarma.com