It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Hacking with SwiftGrade BPointsThis service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. The Service promises to fairly terminate users accounts, only with a reason, and may give them an opportunity to explain and defend themselves. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. DocumentsPrivacy Policy Hacking with SwiftGrade B Hacking with Swift PointsThis service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. The Service promises to fairly terminate users accounts, only with a reason, and may give them an opportunity to explain and defend themselves. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. DocumentsPrivacy Policy Points This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. This service does not track you This service does not track you This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. The Service promises to fairly terminate users accounts, only with a reason, and may give them an opportunity to explain and defend themselves. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service refers users to external documents for more information The service refers users to external documents for more information The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Documents • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis • The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e.g. warrant canary). • The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. • This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. • User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate. The Service promises to fairly terminate users accounts, only with a reason, and may give them an opportunity to explain and defend themselves. • When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Privacy Policy