It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! OpenAIGrade DPointsYour personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Personal data or content you share with the service may be processed to make decisions by automated means without human involvement. This includes profiling, which is any form of automated processing of your information to analyse or predict things like your economic situation, health, personal preferences or interests; as well as Artificial Intelligence training. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. 30 days of notice are given before closing your account The Terms explain they will notify users at least 30 days before closing their accounts, which allows users to limit the losses and damages caused by this termination. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyThis service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U. S. A. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsService TermsSharing & Publication PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use OpenAIGrade D OpenAI PointsYour personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Personal data or content you share with the service may be processed to make decisions by automated means without human involvement. This includes profiling, which is any form of automated processing of your information to analyse or predict things like your economic situation, health, personal preferences or interests; as well as Artificial Intelligence training. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. 30 days of notice are given before closing your account The Terms explain they will notify users at least 30 days before closing their accounts, which allows users to limit the losses and damages caused by this termination. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyThis service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U. S. A. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsService TermsSharing & Publication PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use Points Your personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Your personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Your personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Personal data or content you share with the service may be processed to make decisions by automated means without human involvement. This includes profiling, which is any form of automated processing of your information to analyse or predict things like your economic situation, health, personal preferences or interests; as well as Artificial Intelligence training. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. 30 days of notice are given before closing your account 30 days of notice are given before closing your account 30 days of notice are given before closing your account The Terms explain they will notify users at least 30 days before closing their accounts, which allows users to limit the losses and damages caused by this termination. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U. S. A. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U. S. A. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U. S. A. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • Your personal data is used for automated decision-making, profiling or AI training Personal data or content you share with the service may be processed to make decisions by automated means without human involvement. This includes profiling, which is any form of automated processing of your information to analyse or predict things like your economic situation, health, personal preferences or interests; as well as Artificial Intelligence training. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • 30 days of notice are given before closing your account The Terms explain they will notify users at least 30 days before closing their accounts, which allows users to limit the losses and damages caused by this termination. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Your account can be suspended for several reasons • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company • This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, California, U.S.A. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Service Terms • Sharing & Publication Policy • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use