It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! ToS;DRGrade BPointsThis service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality The Service doesn't warrant or guarantee the quality of the products or services provided. DocumentsTerms of ContributionCommunity EtiquetteBrowser Extension PrivacyForums Terms of ServiceForums Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy ToS;DRGrade B ToS;DR PointsThis service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality The Service doesn't warrant or guarantee the quality of the products or services provided. DocumentsTerms of ContributionCommunity EtiquetteBrowser Extension PrivacyForums Terms of ServiceForums Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Points This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality The Service doesn't warrant or guarantee the quality of the products or services provided. Documents • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • ToS;DR Provides an Onion Service Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. • The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. • ToS;DR provides information on its password security mechanism It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • The terms for ToS;DR are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • ToS;DR gives no guarantee regarding quality The Service doesn't warrant or guarantee the quality of the products or services provided. • Terms of Contribution • Community Etiquette • Browser Extension Privacy • Forums Terms of Service • Forums Privacy Policy • Privacy Policy