It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Internet ArchiveGrade CPointsYou are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Harming minors in any ways is prohibited This service prohibits harming minor in any ways. Since both “minor” and “in any ways” are vague and can be cited to restrict possibly any actions, the case is not classified as “good”. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to submit illegal content DocumentsTerms Internet ArchiveGrade C Internet Archive PointsYou are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Harming minors in any ways is prohibited This service prohibits harming minor in any ways. Since both “minor” and “in any ways” are vague and can be cited to restrict possibly any actions, the case is not classified as “good”. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to submit illegal content DocumentsTerms Points You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Harming minors in any ways is prohibited Harming minors in any ways is prohibited Harming minors in any ways is prohibited This service prohibits harming minor in any ways. Since both “minor” and “in any ways” are vague and can be cited to restrict possibly any actions, the case is not classified as “good”. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution You are allowed to quote their content with attribution You are allowed to quote their content with attribution This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to submit illegal content Users agree not to submit illegal content Users agree not to submit illegal content Documents • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. • The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • Harming minors in any ways is prohibited This service prohibits harming minor in any ways. Since both “minor” and “in any ways” are vague and can be cited to restrict possibly any actions, the case is not classified as “good”. • You are allowed to quote their content with attribution • This service can use your content for all their existing and future services • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • Users agree not to submit illegal content • Terms