It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! SourceHutGrade BPointsYour account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). Your personal data is not shared with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentThis service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service SourceHutGrade B SourceHut PointsYour account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). Your personal data is not shared with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentThis service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). Your personal data is not shared with third parties Your personal data is not shared with third parties Your personal data is not shared with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Pseudonyms are allowed Pseudonyms are allowed Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over 13 years of age This service is only available to users over 13 years of age This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You agree to comply with the law of the service's country You agree to comply with the law of the service's country You agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. Documents • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • This service provides archives of their terms of service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e.g. warrant canary). • Your personal data is not shared with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. • When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service