It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Aegis AuthenticatorGrade APointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the service are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. No logs are kept Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. DocumentsPrivacy Policy Aegis AuthenticatorGrade A Aegis Authenticator PointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the service are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. No logs are kept Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. DocumentsPrivacy Policy Points You are not being tracked You are not being tracked You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the service are made available under a free software license Features of the service are made available under a free software license Features of the service are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. No logs are kept No logs are kept No logs are kept Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. The service is open-source The service is open-source The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not collect, use, or share location data This service does not collect, use, or share location data This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. Documents • You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • Features of the service are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • No logs are kept Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. • The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. • This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. • No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. • Privacy Policy