It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! ptgms IndustriesGrade APointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsPrivacy Policy ptgms IndustriesGrade A ptgms Industries PointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsPrivacy Policy Points You are not being tracked You are not being tracked You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents • You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. • IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • Privacy Policy