It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! AtlassianGrade DPointsThis service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. defend, indemnify, hold harmless Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsDMCAOperations and SecurityPrivacy PolicyMerged into document 152 by user 6Merged into document 152 by user 6Atlassian Cloud ToSTrello Privacy PolicyMerged into document 152 by user 6Merged into document 152 by user 6Privacy PolicyCookies & Tracking Notice AtlassianGrade D Atlassian PointsThis service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. defend, indemnify, hold harmless Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsDMCAOperations and SecurityPrivacy PolicyMerged into document 152 by user 6Merged into document 152 by user 6Atlassian Cloud ToSTrello Privacy PolicyMerged into document 152 by user 6Merged into document 152 by user 6Privacy PolicyCookies & Tracking Notice Points This service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. This service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. This service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. defend, indemnify, hold harmless defend, indemnify, hold harmless defend, indemnify, hold harmless Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • This service allows tracking via third-party cookies for purposes including targeted advertising. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • defend, indemnify, hold harmless • Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service is only available to users at or over the age of 16 The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • This service requires first-party cookies, which are cookies that only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • DMCA • Operations and Security • Privacy Policy • Merged into document 152 by user 6 • Merged into document 152 by user 6 • Atlassian Cloud ToS • Trello Privacy Policy • Merged into document 152 by user 6 • Merged into document 152 by user 6 • Privacy Policy • Cookies & Tracking Notice