It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! UptimeRobotGrade DPointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. Two factor authentication is provided for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy UptimeRobotGrade D UptimeRobot PointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. Two factor authentication is provided for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy Points Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Your personal information is used for many different purposes Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. Two factor authentication is provided for your account Two factor authentication is provided for your account Two factor authentication is provided for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. • Two factor authentication is provided for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy