It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BlizzardGrade EPointsYou waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Once users have been permanently banned from this service, they are not allowed to create a new account to keep using the service. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyInvalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy)Users agree not to submit illegal content DocumentsPrivacy PolicyEnd User License AgreementBlizzard Entertainment Dispute Resolution Policy BlizzardGrade E Blizzard PointsYou waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Once users have been permanently banned from this service, they are not allowed to create a new account to keep using the service. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyInvalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy)Users agree not to submit illegal content DocumentsPrivacy PolicyEnd User License AgreementBlizzard Entertainment Dispute Resolution Policy Points You waive your moral rights You waive your moral rights You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services This service can use your content for all their existing and future services Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Once users have been permanently banned from this service, they are not allowed to create a new account to keep using the service. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service refers users to external documents for more information The service refers users to external documents for more information The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy) Users agree not to submit illegal content Users agree not to submit illegal content Users agree not to submit illegal content Documents • You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work." -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. • The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. • The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. • This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. • The service uses third party tracking pixels to track social media conversion These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service • The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media • Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • This service can use your content for all their existing and future services • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account Once users have been permanently banned from this service, they are not allowed to create a new account to keep using the service. • Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The service refers users to external documents for more information The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy) • Users agree not to submit illegal content • Privacy Policy • End User License Agreement • Blizzard Entertainment Dispute Resolution Policy