It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! TripadvisorGrade EPointsYou waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may sell your data unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyUsers agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service TripadvisorGrade E Tripadvisor PointsYou waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may sell your data unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyUsers agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points You waive your moral rights You waive your moral rights You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may sell your data unless you opt out The service may sell your data unless you opt out The service may sell your data unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can opt out of targeted advertising You can opt out of targeted advertising You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Documents • You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work." -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes including advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • The service may sell your data unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Spidering or crawling is not allowed • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country By using the service, you agree to comply with the applicable laws of the service's jurisdiction, regardless of your location. • This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service