Yes Dismiss Yes Dismiss Yes Dismiss LAST UPDATED January 5, 2021 Brave Rewards Advertiser Privacy Policy LAST UPDATED January 5, 2021 Brave Rewards Advertiser Privacy Policy LAST UPDATED January 5, 2021 Brave Rewards Advertiser Privacy Policy Read this document to learn how we use data about advertisers. In this policy “we”, “us”, etc. refers to Brave Software Inc. (To learn how we use data to operate this website and other Brave sites, forums, and communications, see the Website Privacy Policy. To learn how we use data for the Brave Browser, see the Brave Browser Privacy Policy). Advertiser Privacy When you establish an advertiser account with us, we will ask you for the information we need to validate your identity and to bill you for advertising services. This always includes: your name, email address, and phone number; your business’s name and mailing address; the domain name(s) to which your ads will direct people who see them; and billing information needed to process payment. Other information may be required by your advertising account representative in order to process and fulfill your orders. The only information we collect from you is the information you provide us in these communications with your account representative. We need this information in order to operate the advertising services you’re purchasing from us according to the Brave Rewards: Terms of Service for Advertisers contract. This same information is required in order for us to maintain accurate records and accounts of the services we have provided, in which we have a legitimate interest. We keep all this info as long as you have an advertiser account with us, and for seven years afterwards. Beyond seven years, we no longer store your personal information, only information about your company. We may share your Account Information as follows: with vendors, consultants and other service providers who act as data processors on behalf of Brave; in response to a request for information if we believe the disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process; or otherwise, with your consent or at your direction. We may also share information which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. If you opt-in, we will send you marketing information by email. We use Ghost. org based in Amsterdam for this purpose. The processing of personal data on our behalf is subject to a range of measures to help safeguard your personal data including the use of EU standard contractual clauses. Every email we send this way will also include an unsubscribe link. Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter. com/brave and at github. com/brave. More in-depth conversations can be had at community. brave. com. We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave. com. However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland brave@gdprnomrep. eu You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it. If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. Read this document to learn how we use data about advertisers. In this policy “we”, “us”, etc. refers to Brave Software Inc. (To learn how we use data to operate this website and other Brave sites, forums, and communications, see the Website Privacy Policy. To learn how we use data for the Brave Browser, see the Brave Browser Privacy Policy). Advertiser Privacy When you establish an advertiser account with us, we will ask you for the information we need to validate your identity and to bill you for advertising services. This always includes: Other information may be required by your advertising account representative in order to process and fulfill your orders. The only information we collect from you is the information you provide us in these communications with your account representative. We need this information in order to operate the advertising services you’re purchasing from us according to the Brave Rewards: Terms of Service for Advertisers contract. This same information is required in order for us to maintain accurate records and accounts of the services we have provided, in which we have a legitimate interest. We keep all this info as long as you have an advertiser account with us, and for seven years afterwards. Beyond seven years, we no longer store your personal information, only information about your company. We may share your Account Information as follows: We may also share information which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. If you opt-in, we will send you marketing information by email. We use Ghost. org based in Amsterdam for this purpose. The processing of personal data on our behalf is subject to a range of measures to help safeguard your personal data including the use of EU standard contractual clauses. Every email we send this way will also include an unsubscribe link. Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter. com/brave and at github. com/brave. More in-depth conversations can be had at community. brave. com. We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave. com. However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland brave@gdprnomrep. eu You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it. If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. Get Brave Almost there… Please continue the installation of Brave in the Google Play app. Google Play app App Store. You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online Download Brave Run the installer Import settings step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. If your download didn’t start automatically, click here. Need help? Scan to get the app Almost there… Please continue the installation of Brave in the Google Play app. Google Play app App Store. You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online Download Brave Run the installer Import settings step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. If your download didn’t start automatically, click here. Need help? Almost there… Please continue the installation of Brave in the Google Play app. Google Play app App Store. You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online Download Brave Run the installer Import settings step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. If your download didn’t start automatically, click here. Need help? Almost there… Please continue the installation of Brave in the Google Play app. Please continue the installation of Brave in the Google Play app. Google Play app App Store. Google Play app App Store. You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online Download Brave Run the installer Import settings step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. If your download didn’t start automatically, click here. You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online Download Brave Run the installer Import settings step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome. If your download didn’t start automatically, click here. Need help? Scan to get the app • your name, email address, and phone number; • your business’s name and mailing address; • the domain name(s) to which your ads will direct people who see them; and • billing information needed to process payment. • with vendors, consultants and other service providers who act as data processors on behalf of Brave; • in response to a request for information if we believe the disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process; or • otherwise, with your consent or at your direction. • Download Brave • Run the installer • Import settings • step 1 Download Brave Open the installer from Chrome's downloads (it should be in the upper right corner of this window). • step 2 Run the installer If you're prompted to, click “Yes” in the User Access Control dialog. • step 3 Import settings Wait for the installation to finish, then import your browser settings from Chrome.