It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! YTMP3. CCGrade DPointsThis service can share your personal information to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any harm to their computer system or loss of data they may incur through the download of materials from the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCopyright Claims YTMP3. CCGrade D YTMP3. CC PointsThis service can share your personal information to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any harm to their computer system or loss of data they may incur through the download of materials from the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCopyright Claims Points This service can share your personal information to third parties This service can share your personal information to third parties This service can share your personal information to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any harm to their computer system or loss of data they may incur through the download of materials from the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users of a certain age This service is only available to users of a certain age This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Documents • This service can share your personal information to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. • The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials Users are responsible for any harm to their computer system or loss of data they may incur through the download of materials from the service. • You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • Copyright Claims