It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! IKEAGrade EPointsYou aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You cannot edit or remove your content from this service. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsCookie Policy IKEAGrade E IKEA PointsYou aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You cannot edit or remove your content from this service. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsCookie Policy Points You aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You cannot edit or remove your content from this service. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service is only available to users of a certain age This service is only available to users of a certain age This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Only aggregate data is given to third parties Only aggregate data is given to third parties Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Documents • You aren’t allowed to remove or edit user-generated content You cannot edit or remove your content from this service. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements (Terms: September 2020) The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • This service is only available to users of a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Privacy Policy • Terms and Conditions • Cookie Policy