It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! UnityGrade DPoints[Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itThe service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyUnity Website & CommunitiesUnity Certification Program Additional TermsUnity Additional TermsTerms of ServiceUnity Editor Software TermsEditor Source Code TermsUnity Consulting Services Additional TermsUnity Success Plans Additional TermsIndustry Terms of ServiceParsec Additional TermsWētā Tools Additional TermsUnity Gaming Services Additional TermsUnity DevOps Additional TermsUnity Simulation Services Additional TermsBug submission Additional TermsUnity Connect Additional TermsUnity Learning Partner Instructor-Led Training Additional TermsLearning Credits Additional TermsUNITY PULSE ADDITIONAL TERMSUnity Self-Paced Courseware Additional TermsUnity Training Workshop Additional TermsUnity – Data Processing Addendum ("DPA")Unity Advertising Terms of ServiceAsset Store Terms of Service and EULAAsset Store Provider Agreement UnityGrade D Unity Points[Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itThe service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyUnity Website & CommunitiesUnity Certification Program Additional TermsUnity Additional TermsTerms of ServiceUnity Editor Software TermsEditor Source Code TermsUnity Consulting Services Additional TermsUnity Success Plans Additional TermsIndustry Terms of ServiceParsec Additional TermsWētā Tools Additional TermsUnity Gaming Services Additional TermsUnity DevOps Additional TermsUnity Simulation Services Additional TermsBug submission Additional TermsUnity Connect Additional TermsUnity Learning Partner Instructor-Led Training Additional TermsLearning Credits Additional TermsUNITY PULSE ADDITIONAL TERMSUnity Self-Paced Courseware Additional TermsUnity Training Workshop Additional TermsUnity – Data Processing Addendum ("DPA")Unity Advertising Terms of ServiceAsset Store Terms of Service and EULAAsset Store Provider Agreement Points [Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights [Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights [Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected Your biometric data is collected Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government The service is only available in some countries approved by its government The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • [Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work." -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions) This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. • Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$ • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. • You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. • Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed • You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. • The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Cookie Policy • Privacy Policy • Unity Website & Communities • Unity Certification Program Additional Terms • Unity Additional Terms • Terms of Service • Unity Editor Software Terms • Editor Source Code Terms • Unity Consulting Services Additional Terms • Unity Success Plans Additional Terms • Industry Terms of Service • Parsec Additional Terms • Wētā Tools Additional Terms • Unity Gaming Services Additional Terms • Unity DevOps Additional Terms • Unity Simulation Services Additional Terms • Bug submission Additional Terms • Unity Connect Additional Terms • Unity Learning Partner Instructor-Led Training Additional Terms • Learning Credits Additional Terms • UNITY PULSE ADDITIONAL TERMS • Unity Self-Paced Courseware Additional Terms • Unity Training Workshop Additional Terms • Unity – Data Processing Addendum ("DPA") • Unity Advertising Terms of Service • Asset Store Terms of Service and EULA • Asset Store Provider Agreement