Close View this page in your language? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Get it free Products Featured Developers Product Managers IT professionals Business Teams Leadership Teams Featured Developers Product Managers IT professionals Business Teams Leadership Teams See all products Featured Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Trello Organized & visualized work Rovo NEW Unlock enterprise knowledge Jira Product Discovery NEW Capture & prioritize ideas Compass NEW Optimize software health Guard NEW Enhanced cloud security Loom NEW Quick, async video updates Developers Jira Flexible project management Bitbucket Collaborative code repos Compass NEW Optimize software health Product Managers Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Jira Product Discovery NEW Capture & prioritize ideas IT professionals Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Guard NEW Enhanced cloud security Business Teams Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Trello Organized & visualized work Loom NEW Quick, async video updates Leadership Teams Jira Flexible project management Confluence Knowledge, all in one place Loom NEW Quick, async video updates Jira Align Enterprise-wide work planning & value Back Teams Teams Software Ship high-quality, innovative software faster Marketing Collaborative strategies for marketing success IT Deliver exceptional operations and support services. solution Work Management IT Service Management Agile & DevOps By team size Enterprise Small business Startup Non-profit By industry Retail Telecommunications Professional services Government Back Why Atlassian Why Atlassian Integrations Connect thousands of apps to your Atlassian products Customers Case studies & stories powered by teamwork FedRAMP Compliant solutions for the public sector Resilience Enterprise-grade & highly performant infrastructure Platform Our deeply integrated, reliable & secure platform Trust center Ensure your data’s security, compliance & availability Back Resources Resources Customer Support Ask questions, report bugs & give us feedback Find Partners Consulting, training & product customization support Migration Program Step-by-step guidance for your Atlassian cloud migration University Learn and expand your skill set for all things Atlassian support General inquiries Product Advice Partner support Enterprise support Technical Support Pricing and Billing Developer support Purchasing & Licensing learn Project Management Agile Community Get Started Project Collaboration Team Playbook Product Documentation Back Enterprise More + Less - Get it free Jira Flexible project management Jira Service Management High-velocity service delivery Confluence Knowledge, all in one place See all products Get it free Back Get it free Legal Legal information Cookies Atlassian Cookies & Tracking Notice Atlassian Cookies & Tracking Notice Effective starting: July 23, 2024 Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Atlassian and our third party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use various technologies to collect information, such as cookies and web beacons. What types of technologies do we use? We use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to improve and customize our products and websites ("the Services") and your experience; to allow you to access and use the Services without re-entering your username or password; to understand usage of our Services and the interests of our customers; to determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon; and to present you with advertising relevant to your interests. How do we use them? Where strictly necessary. These cookies and other technologies are essential in order to enable the Services to provide the feature you have requested, such as remembering you have logged in. For functionality. These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make such as language or search parameters. We use these cookies to provide you with an experience more appropriate with your selections and to make your use of the Services more tailored. For performance and analytics. These cookies and similar technologies collect information on how users interact with the Services and enable us to improve how the Services operate. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how visitors arrive at and browse our products and website to identify areas for improvement such as navigation, user experience, and marketing campaigns. For research. We receive aggregated non-personally-identifiable information from third party research partners that they have collected using cookies and pixels. These cookies and pixels collect information about how effective our advertising campaigns may be to users who have opted in to being contacted by Atlassian for research purposes. Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies. These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers. Social media cookies. These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our websites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social media site. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities. How can you opt out? To opt out of our use of cookies on our website, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit. If you don't accept cookies, you may be unable to use all aspects of our Services. Atlassian and our third-party partners also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). To opt out of our use of cookies in-product, go to Atlassian Account > Privacy and select Open cookie preferences. Read the available options carefully, and make your selection. Note that cookie preferences for Jira Align can be managed by using your browser options. You won’t be able to opt out of any cookies or other technologies (on our website or in-product) that are “strictly necessary” for the Services. Many browsers include their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage objects. To manage "flash cookies" you will have to follow a separate set of instructions. Depending on where you live, you may also have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and certain third-party cookies, as described in the Privacy Policy under "Your Choices." Updates to this Notice This Cookies & Tracking Notice may be updated from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "effective starting" date at the top of this notice. Related content Privacy Policy Learn more Former Workplace Privacy Notice Learn more Careers Privacy Notice Learn more Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Learn more Stay informed Subscribe to receive notifications from us about updates to our legal terms (including our legal policies) and our list of sub-processors. Sign up for updates Company Careers Events Blogs Investor Relations Atlassian Foundation Contact us products Rovo Jira Jira Align Jira Service Management Confluence Trello Bitbucket See all products Resources Technical support Purchasing & licensing Atlassian Community Knowledge base Marketplace My account Create support ticket Learn Partners Training & certification Documentation Developer resources Enterprise services See all resources Copyright © 2024 Atlassian Privacy Policy Terms Impressum Choose language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português русский 中文