It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! zmudzinski. me Personal Blog (DEPRECATED)Grade APointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents zmudzinski. me Personal Blog (DEPRECATED)Grade A zmudzinski. me Personal Blog (DEPRECATED) PointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents Points You are not being tracked You are not being tracked You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. This service does not collect, use, or share location data This service does not collect, use, or share location data This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution You are allowed to quote their content with attribution You are allowed to quote their content with attribution Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents • You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. • This service does not collect, use, or share location data No location-based information is tracked by the service, so that it cannot be used or shared with third parties. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • You are allowed to quote their content with attribution • Third parties are involved in operating the service