It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! CouchSurfingGrade EPointsThe service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service receives your location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies Prohibits public posting of private messages The service does not allow users to publicly post private messages they have received from other users. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Political content in the form or pictures, discussions, or campaigning isn't allowed. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itProhibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over 18. The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are not allowed to use a nick name You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. You should follow the community guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy)You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You are responsible for the interactions and the disputes that may occur with other users of the Service. In the event of a dispute, you release the Service from all claims resulting from it. Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsTerms of UsePrivacy Policy CouchSurfingGrade E CouchSurfing PointsThe service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service receives your location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies Prohibits public posting of private messages The service does not allow users to publicly post private messages they have received from other users. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Political content in the form or pictures, discussions, or campaigning isn't allowed. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itProhibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over 18. The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are not allowed to use a nick name You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. You should follow the community guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy)You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You are responsible for the interactions and the disputes that may occur with other users of the Service. In the event of a dispute, you release the Service from all claims resulting from it. Third parties are involved in operating the service DocumentsTerms of UsePrivacy Policy Points The service can read your private messages The service can read your private messages The service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service receives your location through GPS coordinates This service receives your location through GPS coordinates This service receives your location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies Prohibits public posting of private messages Prohibits public posting of private messages Prohibits public posting of private messages The service does not allow users to publicly post private messages they have received from other users. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not allow alternative accounts This service does not allow alternative accounts This service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Political content in the form or pictures, discussions, or campaigning isn't allowed. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service is only available to users over 18. This service is only available to users over 18. This service is only available to users over 18. The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are not allowed to use a nick name You are not allowed to use a nick name You are not allowed to use a nick name You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. You should follow the community guidelines You should follow the community guidelines You should follow the community guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy) You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You are responsible for the interactions and the disputes that may occur with other users of the Service. In the event of a dispute, you release the Service from all claims resulting from it. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Documents • The service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. • The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • Couchsurfing may close your account at their sole discretion At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The copyright license on user data is broader than necessary • Couchsurfing becomes the owner of ideas you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. • This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • Couchsurfing keeps the license on your content, even after you close your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • This service receives your location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • Couchsurfing may retain your data after deactivation for legitimate business purposes The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Couchsurfing informs you about the fact that you can disable cookies • Prohibits public posting of private messages The service does not allow users to publicly post private messages they have received from other users. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents • This service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. • Prohibits political discussions or campaigning Political content in the form or pictures, discussions, or campaigning isn't allowed. • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it • Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values. Users are not allowed to post extremist political or religious content. They are also not allowed to post content that glorifies violence. • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. • Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • This service is only available to users over 18. The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Couchsurfing may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You are not allowed to use a nick name You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. • You should follow the community guidelines Use of the service is subject also to an exhaustive list of other documents containing rules, guidelines, terms or policies (in addition to the obvious Terms of Service/Terms of Use and Privacy Policy/Data Use Policy) • You cannot blame CouchSurfing for disputes you have with other users You are responsible for the interactions and the disputes that may occur with other users of the Service. In the event of a dispute, you release the Service from all claims resulting from it. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy