It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Google ChromeGrade DPointsThey store data on you even if you did not interact with the service Some services store data on you even if you did not provide that data yourself. For example, users might provide access to their address book, after which a service might also store the phone numbers of that person's contacts. This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. You are tracked via device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. DocumentsPrivacy and TermsGoogle Chrome Privacy Whitepaper Google ChromeGrade D Google Chrome PointsThey store data on you even if you did not interact with the service Some services store data on you even if you did not provide that data yourself. For example, users might provide access to their address book, after which a service might also store the phone numbers of that person's contacts. This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. You are tracked via device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. DocumentsPrivacy and TermsGoogle Chrome Privacy Whitepaper Points They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service Some services store data on you even if you did not provide that data yourself. For example, users might provide access to their address book, after which a service might also store the phone numbers of that person's contacts. This service can view your browser history This service can view your browser history This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. You are tracked via device fingerprinting You are tracked via device fingerprinting You are tracked via device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Documents • They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service Some services store data on you even if you did not provide that data yourself. For example, users might provide access to their address book, after which a service might also store the phone numbers of that person's contacts. • This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • If you sync with your Google Account, many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • You are tracked via device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Privacy and Terms • Google Chrome Privacy Whitepaper