It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! MediumGrade DPointsThis service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itIf you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyDo Not Track PolicyCopyright and DMCA Policy MediumGrade D Medium PointsThis service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itIf you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyDo Not Track PolicyCopyright and DMCA Policy Points This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions The service may collect extra data about you through promotions The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Documents • This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. • Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. • The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e.g. warrant canary). • This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. • This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself You have the right to send a counter-notice to the service if you believe the content that was removed wasn't infringing any copyright. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location • Third parties may be involved in operating the service • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • Do Not Track Policy • Copyright and DMCA Policy