Community policy By accessing and using letterboxd. com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use: The Letterboxd community is united by a love of film—but we all have different tastes, backgrounds and lived experiences. We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member or our team. You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member. You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member or our team. Creativity of expression has a home on Letterboxd, hate does not. You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation or other protected attribute. We reserve the right to remove content that has the potential to harm values or communities we consider worthy of protection. You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, or we will. You must not remove spoiler flags set on your content by our moderators. You must not post significant plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads. This is non-negotiable. People watch films at their own pace. You must not plagiarize anyone else’s writing. Write your own reviews; name, quote and link (where available) your sources. You must not make false or misleading contributions or edits to TMDb. org or otherwise vandalize that platform’s data or breach its policies, knowing such changes will be imported to Letterboxd. We reserve the right to remove any content that we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful, explicit, graphic or otherwise in breach of our terms. We reserve the right to remove content that expressly (or implicitly, such as through coded language, symbols, keywords or tags) praises, supports, promotes or represents white-nationalist or neighboring ideologies. We reserve the right to remove any content that disseminates misinformation, disinformation or related manipulations, including viral sloganeering. We reserve the right to consider a member’s off-platform behavior as part of our moderating process. If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account. This policy is a living document: it is constantly updated to reflect new trends and evidence. Our moderating team of humans strives to understand evolving behavior, terms, stereotypes, context and forms of expression (including language related to empowerment and counter-speech in marginalized communities). Basically, be excellent to each other. We welcome your feedback. Community policy By accessing and using letterboxd. com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use: The Letterboxd community is united by a love of film—but we all have different tastes, backgrounds and lived experiences. We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member or our team. You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member. You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member or our team. Creativity of expression has a home on Letterboxd, hate does not. You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation or other protected attribute. We reserve the right to remove content that has the potential to harm values or communities we consider worthy of protection. You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, or we will. You must not remove spoiler flags set on your content by our moderators. You must not post significant plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads. This is non-negotiable. People watch films at their own pace. You must not plagiarize anyone else’s writing. Write your own reviews; name, quote and link (where available) your sources. You must not make false or misleading contributions or edits to TMDb. org or otherwise vandalize that platform’s data or breach its policies, knowing such changes will be imported to Letterboxd. We reserve the right to remove any content that we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful, explicit, graphic or otherwise in breach of our terms. We reserve the right to remove content that expressly (or implicitly, such as through coded language, symbols, keywords or tags) praises, supports, promotes or represents white-nationalist or neighboring ideologies. We reserve the right to remove any content that disseminates misinformation, disinformation or related manipulations, including viral sloganeering. We reserve the right to consider a member’s off-platform behavior as part of our moderating process. If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account. This policy is a living document: it is constantly updated to reflect new trends and evidence. Our moderating team of humans strives to understand evolving behavior, terms, stereotypes, context and forms of expression (including language related to empowerment and counter-speech in marginalized communities). Basically, be excellent to each other. We welcome your feedback. Community policy By accessing and using letterboxd. com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use: The Letterboxd community is united by a love of film—but we all have different tastes, backgrounds and lived experiences. We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member or our team. You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member. You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member or our team. Creativity of expression has a home on Letterboxd, hate does not. You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation or other protected attribute. We reserve the right to remove content that has the potential to harm values or communities we consider worthy of protection. You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, or we will. You must not remove spoiler flags set on your content by our moderators. You must not post significant plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads. This is non-negotiable. People watch films at their own pace. You must not plagiarize anyone else’s writing. Write your own reviews; name, quote and link (where available) your sources. You must not make false or misleading contributions or edits to TMDb. org or otherwise vandalize that platform’s data or breach its policies, knowing such changes will be imported to Letterboxd. We reserve the right to remove any content that we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful, explicit, graphic or otherwise in breach of our terms. We reserve the right to remove content that expressly (or implicitly, such as through coded language, symbols, keywords or tags) praises, supports, promotes or represents white-nationalist or neighboring ideologies. We reserve the right to remove any content that disseminates misinformation, disinformation or related manipulations, including viral sloganeering. We reserve the right to consider a member’s off-platform behavior as part of our moderating process. If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account. This policy is a living document: it is constantly updated to reflect new trends and evidence. Our moderating team of humans strives to understand evolving behavior, terms, stereotypes, context and forms of expression (including language related to empowerment and counter-speech in marginalized communities). Basically, be excellent to each other. We welcome your feedback. Community policy By accessing and using letterboxd. com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use: The Letterboxd community is united by a love of film—but we all have different tastes, backgrounds and lived experiences. We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member or our team. You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member. You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member or our team. Creativity of expression has a home on Letterboxd, hate does not. You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation or other protected attribute. We reserve the right to remove content that has the potential to harm values or communities we consider worthy of protection. You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, or we will. You must not remove spoiler flags set on your content by our moderators. You must not post significant plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads. This is non-negotiable. People watch films at their own pace. You must not plagiarize anyone else’s writing. Write your own reviews; name, quote and link (where available) your sources. You must not make false or misleading contributions or edits to TMDb. org or otherwise vandalize that platform’s data or breach its policies, knowing such changes will be imported to Letterboxd. We reserve the right to remove any content that we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful, explicit, graphic or otherwise in breach of our terms. We reserve the right to remove content that expressly (or implicitly, such as through coded language, symbols, keywords or tags) praises, supports, promotes or represents white-nationalist or neighboring ideologies. We reserve the right to remove any content that disseminates misinformation, disinformation or related manipulations, including viral sloganeering. We reserve the right to consider a member’s off-platform behavior as part of our moderating process. If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account. This policy is a living document: it is constantly updated to reflect new trends and evidence. Our moderating team of humans strives to understand evolving behavior, terms, stereotypes, context and forms of expression (including language related to empowerment and counter-speech in marginalized communities). Basically, be excellent to each other. We welcome your feedback. Community policy By accessing and using letterboxd. com or its associated apps (the “Service”), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”), taken from our wider terms of use: We welcome your feedback. Select your preferred poster Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred poster Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred poster Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred poster Select your preferred poster Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred backdrop Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred backdrop Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred backdrop Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Select your preferred backdrop Select your preferred backdrop Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Upgrade to remove ads Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Learn more about Pro Upgrade to remove ads Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Learn more about Pro Upgrade to remove ads Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Learn more about Pro Upgrade to remove ads Upgrade to remove ads Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Learn more about Pro • The Letterboxd community is united by a love of film—but we all have different tastes, backgrounds and lived experiences. We expect members of our community to be courteous and respectful of others’ opinions and to refrain from posting unwelcome, aggressive, suggestive or otherwise inappropriate remarks directed at another member or our team. • You must not use the Service for any malicious means, or to abuse, harass, threaten, intimidate or impersonate any other member. You must not request or attempt to solicit personal or identifying information from another member or our team. • Creativity of expression has a home on Letterboxd, hate does not. You must not use the Service to promote, engage in or incite hate, violence, discrimination or intolerance, including based on race, age, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation or other protected attribute. We reserve the right to remove content that has the potential to harm values or communities we consider worthy of protection. • You must set the spoiler flag on any review that contains significant plot spoilers, or we will. You must not remove spoiler flags set on your content by our moderators. You must not post significant plot spoilers in list descriptions/notes or comment threads. This is non-negotiable. People watch films at their own pace. • You must not plagiarize anyone else’s writing. Write your own reviews; name, quote and link (where available) your sources. • You must not make false or misleading contributions or edits to TMDb.org or otherwise vandalize that platform’s data or breach its policies, knowing such changes will be imported to Letterboxd. • We reserve the right to remove any content that we consider to be offensive, objectionable, unlawful, explicit, graphic or otherwise in breach of our terms. We reserve the right to remove content that expressly (or implicitly, such as through coded language, symbols, keywords or tags) praises, supports, promotes or represents white-nationalist or neighboring ideologies. We reserve the right to remove any content that disseminates misinformation, disinformation or related manipulations, including viral sloganeering. We reserve the right to consider a member’s off-platform behavior as part of our moderating process. • If you do not abide by our Terms, we may terminate or suspend your account. • This policy is a living document: it is constantly updated to reflect new trends and evidence. Our moderating team of humans strives to understand evolving behavior, terms, stereotypes, context and forms of expression (including language related to empowerment and counter-speech in marginalized communities). • Basically, be excellent to each other.