It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Gap Creek MediaGrade BPointsSome personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Blocking tracking technologies will not negatively impact your use of the service. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Gap Creek MediaGrade B Gap Creek Media PointsSome personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Blocking tracking technologies will not negatively impact your use of the service. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Blocking tracking technologies will not negatively impact your use of the service. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service Blocking tracking technologies will not negatively impact your use of the service. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service