It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! SkillshareGrade DPointsPrices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service SkillshareGrade D Skillshare PointsPrices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Documents • Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. • This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service • You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The court of law governing the terms is in New York state The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service