It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! CanvaGrade DPointsYou must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party web beacons are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You agree not to submit illegal content Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseAcceptable Use Policy CanvaGrade D Canva PointsYou must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party web beacons are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You agree not to submit illegal content Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseAcceptable Use Policy Points You must provide your identifiable information You must provide your identifiable information You must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party web beacons are used for advertising Third-party web beacons are used for advertising Third-party web beacons are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You agree not to submit illegal content You agree not to submit illegal content You agree not to submit illegal content Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. Documents • You must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. • Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you The service reserves the right to change or modify its pricing and fees at any time, and such changes are effective immediately without need for further notice to the user. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Third-party web beacons are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason The service reserves the right, for any or no reason, to refuse to post or reject user communications. • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication The service tracks the user count or some actions of the user; this is usually used for statistics. For example, emails sent by a service can contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell them whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. • Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future • Conditions may change, but your continued acceptance is not inferred from an earlier acceptance When you're not logged in to a service, but use it repeatedly, it may still feel weird that their terms and conditions can change between one use and the next. However, this does not violate the rule-of-thumb that each new version should be accepted from scratch, without inferring your acceptance from the acceptance of an earlier version. Since no acceptance is inferred from continued use, but only from current use, we rate this as neutral instead of bad. • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination • You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its Terms of Service does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their Terms of Service. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • You agree not to submit illegal content • Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. • Cookie Policy • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use • Acceptable Use Policy