It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Hinterland GamesGrade DPointsThis service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You can request (only) access to personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyRegistration Terms Hinterland GamesGrade D Hinterland Games PointsThis service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You can request (only) access to personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyRegistration Terms Points This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You can request (only) access to personal data You can request (only) access to personal data You can request (only) access to personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. • You can request (only) access to personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • Prohibits the posting of pornographic content Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy • Registration Terms