It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! DuckDuckGoGrade BPointsInstead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement They may significantly update the terms at any time and at their sole discretion, meaning for any reason and without necessarily taking into account the interests or suggestions of the users of the Service. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCommercial Terms DuckDuckGoGrade B DuckDuckGo PointsInstead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement They may significantly update the terms at any time and at their sole discretion, meaning for any reason and without necessarily taking into account the interests or suggestions of the users of the Service. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCommercial Terms Points Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement They may significantly update the terms at any time and at their sole discretion, meaning for any reason and without necessarily taking into account the interests or suggestions of the users of the Service. Documents • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • You can delete your account and Duck Addresses You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • This service provides an onion site accessible over Tor Tor is a software for anonymous communication that directs Internet traffic through an overlay network. Onion sites are only available through Tor browser and provide additional security and anonymity to users. • The service makes critical changes to its terms without user involvement They may significantly update the terms at any time and at their sole discretion, meaning for any reason and without necessarily taking into account the interests or suggestions of the users of the Service. • Privacy Policy • Commercial Terms