It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Free Code CampGrade BPointsThe service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. You can choose with whom you share content Users can decide whether or not they want their content to be shared and they can control how and with whom it is shared. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. age limit The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Your account can be suspended for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service The user may need to read additional product-specific agreements depending on the way the service is used. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCode of Conduct Free Code CampGrade B Free Code Camp PointsThe service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. You can choose with whom you share content Users can decide whether or not they want their content to be shared and they can control how and with whom it is shared. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. age limit The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Your account can be suspended for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service The user may need to read additional product-specific agreements depending on the way the service is used. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCode of Conduct Points The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Pseudonyms are allowed Pseudonyms are allowed Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. You can choose with whom you share content You can choose with whom you share content You can choose with whom you share content Users can decide whether or not they want their content to be shared and they can control how and with whom it is shared. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. age limit age limit age limit The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service The user may need to read additional product-specific agreements depending on the way the service is used. Documents • The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $50 • Third party cookies are employed, but with opt out instructions • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Pseudonyms are allowed You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation (including AWS and mLab) The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service • You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. • You can choose with whom you share content Users can decide whether or not they want their content to be shared and they can control how and with whom it is shared. • The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • age limit The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Your account can be suspended for several reasons • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service The user may need to read additional product-specific agreements depending on the way the service is used. • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service • Code of Conduct