It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BlaBlaCarGrade EPointsPrivate messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data refers to information requiring special protection, such as health data, political and religious beliefs, ethnic origins, sexual life and financial information. The service collects and shares this data with third parties for advertising or marketing. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Criticising, questioning, making objections or complaints about the Service, its staff or anything related to it is prohibited and constitutes a breach of the Terms. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Alternative accounts are not allowed Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookies Policy BlaBlaCarGrade E BlaBlaCar PointsPrivate messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data refers to information requiring special protection, such as health data, political and religious beliefs, ethnic origins, sexual life and financial information. The service collects and shares this data with third parties for advertising or marketing. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Criticising, questioning, making objections or complaints about the Service, its staff or anything related to it is prohibited and constitutes a breach of the Terms. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Alternative accounts are not allowed Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookies Policy Points Private messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) Private messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) Private messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data refers to information requiring special protection, such as health data, political and religious beliefs, ethnic origins, sexual life and financial information. The service collects and shares this data with third parties for advertising or marketing. Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Criticising, questioning, making objections or complaints about the Service, its staff or anything related to it is prohibited and constitutes a breach of the Terms. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. Alternative accounts are not allowed Alternative accounts are not allowed Alternative accounts are not allowed Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Documents • Private messages can be read (but not employed for advertising) The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. • Sensitive data is collected and shared to target advertising Sensitive data refers to information requiring special protection, such as health data, political and religious beliefs, ethnic origins, sexual life and financial information. The service collects and shares this data with third parties for advertising or marketing. • Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation (ensurance and advertising companies) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (UK) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. • You are tracked via web beacons and tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • Extra data may be collected about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. • Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them Criticising, questioning, making objections or complaints about the Service, its staff or anything related to it is prohibited and constitutes a breach of the Terms. • Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • Alternative accounts are not allowed Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Cookies Policy