It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! F-DroidGrade APointsThis service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one User-generated content, such as posts or comments, is published under a free license, meaning other users can reuse it (e. g. Creative Commons license). Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. DocumentsAbout F-DroidGrade A F-Droid PointsThis service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one User-generated content, such as posts or comments, is published under a free license, meaning other users can reuse it (e. g. Creative Commons license). Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. DocumentsAbout Points This service does not track you This service does not track you This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one User-generated content, such as posts or comments, is published under a free license, meaning other users can reuse it (e. g. Creative Commons license). Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. Documents • This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one User-generated content, such as posts or comments, is published under a free license, meaning other users can reuse it (e.g. Creative Commons license). • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • Users can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. • About