It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! PornhubGrade EPointsThe service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. You sign away moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms & ConditionsDMCA Notice Of Copyright InfringementPrivacy Policy PornhubGrade E Pornhub PointsThe service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. You sign away moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms & ConditionsDMCA Notice Of Copyright InfringementPrivacy Policy Points The service can read your private messages The service can read your private messages The service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. You sign away moral rights You sign away moral rights You sign away moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work. " -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • The service can read your private messages The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. • You sign away moral rights Moral rights are rights to creators of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works, as well as directors of films. "The moral rights include the right of attribution, the right to have a work published anonymously or pseudonymously, and the right to the integrity of the work. The preserving of the integrity of the work allows the author to object to alteration, distortion, or mutilation of the work that is "prejudicial to the author's honor or reputation". Anything else that may detract from the artist's relationship with the work even after it leaves the artist's possession or ownership may bring these moral rights into play. Moral rights are distinct from any economic rights tied to copyrights. Even if an artist has assigned his or her copyright rights to a work to a third party, he or she still maintains the moral rights to the work." -Wikipedia In general, any terms that use the exact words "moral rights" as rights that are waived will fall under this Case. • This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. • Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. • Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Spidering or crawling is not allowed • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • The court of law governing the terms is in location X The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Terms & Conditions • DMCA Notice Of Copyright Infringement • Privacy Policy