It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! WordPress. orgGrade BPointsTerms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Limited copyright license to Wordpress. com including for promotion You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy WordPress. orgGrade B WordPress. org PointsTerms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Limited copyright license to Wordpress. com including for promotion You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy Points Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The service is open-source The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Limited copyright license to Wordpress. com including for promotion Limited copyright license to Wordpress. com including for promotion Limited copyright license to Wordpress. com including for promotion You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable The Agreement explains they will disclose personal data about you if it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law and government requests. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Limited copyright license to Wordpress.com including for promotion • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy