It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! pCloudGrade CPointsThe service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering or crawling is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsIntellectual Property PolicyPrivacy NoticeTerms and Conditions pCloudGrade C pCloud PointsThe service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering or crawling is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsIntellectual Property PolicyPrivacy NoticeTerms and Conditions Points The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed Spidering or crawling is not allowed The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Documents • The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. • You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. • The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • Spidering or crawling is not allowed • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • Third parties may be involved in operating the service • Intellectual Property Policy • Privacy Notice • Terms and Conditions