It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! WeTransferGrade DPointsTracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceNotice and Take Down Policy WeTransferGrade D WeTransfer PointsTracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceNotice and Take Down Policy Points Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service • Notice and Take Down Policy