It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! TutaGrade APointsThis service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service does not share user information with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. You will be notified about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Provides information on security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries Weight was 30. The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms and PrivacyCGVPrivacy Statement of Tutao GmbHPrivacy Statement of Tutao GmbHFAQsPrivacy TutaGrade A Tuta PointsThis service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service does not share user information with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. You will be notified about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Provides information on security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries Weight was 30. The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms and PrivacyCGVPrivacy Statement of Tutao GmbHPrivacy Statement of Tutao GmbHFAQsPrivacy Points This service does not track you This service does not track you This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service does not share user information with third parties The service does not share user information with third parties The service does not share user information with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service is open-source The service is open-source The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. You will be notified about website maintenance You will be notified about website maintenance You will be notified about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Provides information on security practices Provides information on security practices Provides information on security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. Service does not allow alternative accounts Service does not allow alternative accounts Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries Weight was 30. The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • This service does not track you The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. • User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. • Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • The service does not share user information with third parties Information collected from users by this service is not given to third parties. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • You will be notified about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Provides information on security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. • You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is transparent regarding goverment request or inqueries Weight was 30. • The court of law governing the terms is in Hanover, Germany The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Terms and Privacy • CGV • Privacy Statement of Tutao GmbH • Privacy Statement of Tutao GmbH • FAQs • Privacy