It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! PatreonGrade CPointsThe service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service uses social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyInvalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCommunity GuidelinesTerms of UseCookie PolicySecurity PolicyCopyright and Trademark PatreonGrade C Patreon PointsThe service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service uses social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyInvalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsPrivacy PolicyCommunity GuidelinesTerms of UseCookie PolicySecurity PolicyCopyright and Trademark Points The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service uses social media cookies/pixels The service uses social media cookies/pixels The service uses social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service throttles your use This service throttles your use This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. • The service uses social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. • You maintain ownership of your data This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation. The Service provides a list detailing the third parties involved, their roles, and may even provide more information. • Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • There is a date of the last update of the terms The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users 13 years old and over; pledges are only for users at least 18 years old or with parental permission The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • The court of law governing the Terms is in California. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Privacy Policy • Community Guidelines • Terms of Use • Cookie Policy • Security Policy • Copyright and Trademark