It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BitlyGrade DPointsIf you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service uses your personal information for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address for location use DocumentsBitly Terms of ServiceBitly Privacy Policy BitlyGrade D Bitly PointsIf you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service uses your personal information for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address for location use DocumentsBitly Terms of ServiceBitly Privacy Policy Points If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service uses your personal information for many different purposes This service uses your personal information for many different purposes This service uses your personal information for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use Documents • If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. • This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • This service uses your personal information for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The services will notify users if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions Payments can be refunded if some requirements are fulfilled. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • This service collects your IP address for location use • Bitly Terms of Service • Bitly Privacy Policy