It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BitDefenderGrade BPointsTerms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. This service collects your IP address for location use DocumentsGDPR CompliancePersonal Data Notice for Business Contacts of the Clients/PartnersPrivacy Policy for Bitdefender Business SolutionsPrivacy Policy For BitDefender WebsitesPrivacy Policy for Bitdefender Home SolutionsLegal Intelectual Property BitDefenderGrade B BitDefender PointsTerms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. This service collects your IP address for location use DocumentsGDPR CompliancePersonal Data Notice for Business Contacts of the Clients/PartnersPrivacy Policy for Bitdefender Business SolutionsPrivacy Policy For BitDefender WebsitesPrivacy Policy for Bitdefender Home SolutionsLegal Intelectual Property Points Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time User logs are deleted after a finite period of time User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Only aggregate data is given to third parties Only aggregate data is given to third parties Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use Documents • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent. The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis • The service provides information about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online • This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data The service provides users with contact information for an internal or external structure to lodge complaints. It also provides users with contact information for a higher data protection / privacy office in case the internal mechanism fails to satisfy the user. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Only aggregate data is given to third parties The Service only shares your information in an aggregated form, which means an anonymized form that can't be linked to a unique identity. • This service collects your IP address for location use • GDPR Compliance • Personal Data Notice for Business Contacts of the Clients/Partners • Privacy Policy for Bitdefender Business Solutions • Privacy Policy For BitDefender Websites • Privacy Policy for Bitdefender Home Solutions • Legal Intelectual Property