It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Mozilla ThunderbirdGrade CPointsThis service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The software is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy Policy Mozilla ThunderbirdGrade C Mozilla Thunderbird PointsThis service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The software is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy Policy Points This service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The software is open-source The software is open-source The software is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • This service gives your personal data to third parties (Amazon Web Services) involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The software is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy