It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! kik-messengerGrade EPointsPrivate messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service kik-messengerGrade E kik-messenger PointsPrivate messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points Private messages can be read Private messages can be read Private messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. Information is gathered about you through third parties Information is gathered about you through third parties Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • Private messages can be read The Service is able to access, scan, review or read all user communications, including private messages, which may contain personal or sensitive data. • This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. • Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage. The Service infers your acceptance from your continued usage, instead of prompting you to read the new Terms and asking for direct consent. This doesn’t apply to services that have no way to seek consent from users through their contact details or an account. • This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • The court of law governing the terms is in the United States The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service