It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! CyberGhostGrade BPointsYou are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. No VPN logs Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions CyberGhostGrade B CyberGhost PointsYou are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. No VPN logs Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions Points You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. No VPN logs No VPN logs No VPN logs Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. This service offers an anonymous payment method This service offers an anonymous payment method This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Documents • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (England) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics on the website service's For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. • No VPN logs Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. • Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. • This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers on this website This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. • You are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service • You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. • The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis You card will be billed on recurring basis unless cancelled. For instance, monthly or annual subscriptions. • You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service. You are responsible for your use of the service. If a claim arises related to that use, you agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless. If users are also required to defend the service, see Case 146 instead. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • Privacy Policy • Terms and Conditions