It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! SpotifyGrade EPointsYour account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties The service collects data and recordings of your voice when you communicate with a service verbally and may use and share them with third parties, that may use this data for marketing or advertising. The service uses your personal data for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The ToS are only translated into a few languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsSpotify Terms and Conditions of Use (Feb, 2019)Terms and Conditions of UsePrivacy PolicyVoice Controls SpotifyGrade E Spotify PointsYour account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties The service collects data and recordings of your voice when you communicate with a service verbally and may use and share them with third parties, that may use this data for marketing or advertising. The service uses your personal data for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The ToS are only translated into a few languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsSpotify Terms and Conditions of Use (Feb, 2019)Terms and Conditions of UsePrivacy PolicyVoice Controls Points Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties The service collects data and recordings of your voice when you communicate with a service verbally and may use and share them with third parties, that may use this data for marketing or advertising. The service uses your personal data for advertising The service uses your personal data for advertising The service uses your personal data for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The ToS are only translated into a few languages The ToS are only translated into a few languages The ToS are only translated into a few languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. Documents • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • Voice data is collected and shared with third-parties The service collects data and recordings of your voice when you communicate with a service verbally and may use and share them with third parties, that may use this data for marketing or advertising. • The service uses your personal data for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • The ToS are only translated into a few languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use (Feb, 2019) • Terms and Conditions of Use • Privacy Policy • Voice Controls