These VeePN Terms of Service (the “Terms)” apply to all subscribers of the VeePN Services. These Terms govern your use of VeePN, a service available via the link https://veepn. com/ (the “Site”) and the related application software distributed via application store(s) or otherwise (the “App”), collectively referred to as the “Service”. VeePN is a leading cybersecurity company dedicated to providing top-notch privacy and security comprehensive, multiplatform solution that includes but are not limited to fast and secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) services, Antivirus software, and an Alert system for data leak detection along with other (if any) services, software, extensions, applications, information, and content. By starting or continuing the use of the Service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (collectively the “Device”), you as a user of the Service confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and any other applicable law 1. Acceptance By accessing the Service, you are agreeing on behalf of yourself or those you represent (“you”) to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms in their entirety. These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ( the “Agreement” ) between you and VeePN Corp. (“VeePN”, “we”, “us”, “our”), with registered offices at Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama. If you do not agree with any part of the Terms, you may not use our Services. By creating an account for using our Services, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 18 years of age) or that you are a valid legal entity, and that the registration information you have provided is accurate and complete. 2. Modification VeePN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. If you continue to use Service after these changes take effect, then you agree to the revised Terms. The current version of the Terms is available on the Site. You understand and agree that it is your obligation to review these Terms from time to time in order to stay informed on current rules and obligations. Notification on any core changes to the Terms will be provided to subscribers through an email message or update to the Site. Your use of the Service following the changes to these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changed Terms. 3. Privacy policy Any and all issues regarding the provision of your personal information are governed by our Privacy Policy and you are giving your consent to the collection of such information by using the Service in accordance with its terms. Therefore, we recommend you to review the Privacy Policy in its entirety to get a clear understanding of how we handle your sensitive data. By using our Services, you acknowledge that we may request your consent to share specific app usage data with the App Store. This data sharing is solely for the purpose of improving user experience and facilitating refund and dispute processing in accordance with App Store policies. If you do not consent to such data sharing, we may be unable to support certain refund or dispute claims through the App Store. Your decision to grant or revoke consent does not impact your general use of our Services. For more details, please refer to our Privacy Policy. 4. Payments VeePN offers a number of different Subscription Plans for the provision of the Service, on a monthly, yearly and a five-year basis (the Subscription Plan). The Subscription Plans are subject to change from time to time by VeePN, without liability to VeePN or any prior notice required. The VeePN app for any compatible platform or operating system can be downloaded free of charge while the usage of the Service is subscription-based. You will have to purchase a paid subscription to connect to the VeePN Service in order to use the Service. Some of VeePN`s paid features/subscriptions are subject to prior activation in order to be used. Please follow the instructions provided in such features/subscriptions` descriptions to get full access and start using them. You may be provided with a limited free trial or certain coupon offers prior to the subscription purchase. You can revoke from the subscription (i. e. cancel it) and, therefore, stop the usage of the Service while the free trial or coupon offer is due. The exact period of the free-trial (if available) can be found in the Service. Should you not cancel the subscription and continue to use our Service after the trial period, or in case if the trial period is not provided, the subscription cannot be further revoked and your payment cannot be returned to you unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms. Therefore, in order to avoid being charged should you willing not to, you must affirmatively cancel a subscription or a free trial in your app store account settings at least 48 hours before the end of the free trial or the current subscription period. If you are unsure how to cancel a subscription or a free trial, please visit the apple support website, google play help (or any other app store's support pages), or contact us via [email protected]. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT DELETING THE APP DOES NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS DUE OR SUBSCRIPTIONS THAT FOLLOW FREE TRIALS. The Subscription Plans may be found in the Service. Once you choose your Subscription Plan as above, and in consideration thereof, you shall be required to choose a method for payment from a number of third-parties payment processors which are external to our Site. All payments of monthly and yearly subscriptions made with credit card, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases, PayPal are recurring (i. e. , shall be automatically renewed at the end of the billing period of your Subscription Plan), at the same time a five-year subscription that is made with credit card, PayPal, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases is a one time payment. All payments of five-year subscriptions made with Paymentwall are one-time payments, yearly and monthly subscriptions are recurring. All purchases that are made with crypto currency are one-time payments. Note that auto-renewal subscriptions become non-refundable after the auto-renewal. You shall be solely liable for any fees, commissions or rates of the third-party Payment Processors of your choosing. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. VeePN is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transaction, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any taxes arising from any transaction. 5. Refund policy We have a Money-Back Guarantee policy in the mentioned term: For 1 month plans a 14-day Money Back Guarantee. For 6 months or greater subscriptions a 30-day Money Back Guarantee. If you choose not to use our paid Services anymore, we guarantee you a right to claim a refund within 14 or 30 days since the date of the original purchase following your subscription to our Services. However, we would like to solve your issue before you decide to cancel the subscription, therefore you are always welcome to reach out to us at [email protected]. Refunds beyond the 30-day purchase window will be considered, at the sole discretion of VeePN, if a Subscriber can demonstrate that the Service was not available or usable during the subscription period and that reasonable attempts were made to contact VeePN to resolve the issue. In this case, VeePN may provide the Subscriber with a pro-rata refund of service fees paid during the period when the Service was not available or usable. Refunds are generally processed within ten (10) working days. The payment providers tell us that it can take up to 14 days for that refund to appear back in your account. Refunds are made to the original form of payment used for purchase. All refunds are sent in USD and therefore the refund amount could differ from the amount originally paid in local currency. Any change to the original purchase, such as upgrading to an extended billing term or purchasing of additional licenses under the same account, shall constitute a waiver of the Money Back Guarantee option. You can only get a refund for our Services once. If your subscription has been rebilled, or was canceled and later renewed, it is considered to be non-refundable. No refunds will be considered for accounts terminated for violation of these Terms. All fees associated with discounted trials are strictly non-refundable. By signing up for a discounted trial, you explicitly acknowledge and agree that the fee for the trial is non-refundable under any circumstances. This means that even if you choose to cancel your subscription before the trial period ends, the fee you paid for the discounted trial will not be returned to you. Please note that general refund rules do not apply to discounted trial fees. Our Support Team at [email protected] will be happy to help you with the refund request. It's obligatory to contact the Support Team with the same email address that you used for registration, otherwise the refund procedure will not be started. Note that: Apple In-App Purchases refunds can be claimed from Apple (https://expresslane. apple. com). Payments made with any form of cryptocurrency may be refunded only in the same cryptocurrency. The transaction fee will be deducted from the refund amount. In some specific cases, we will not be able to make a refund via the same payment system that the refunded purchase had been made. In those cases we will require additional information from our user, to define the acceptable payment system in order to make a full refund. This Agreement is personal to you, is your obligation, and therefore, you may not assign your rights or obligations of this to anyone. 6. Acceptable use policy VeePN Services may be accessed from all around the world, so it is your responsibility to assess the Services in compliance with local laws and regulations. Whenever you use the Services, you should comply with these Terms and applicable laws, regulations, and policies. You understand that it is your responsibility to keep your VeePN account information confidential. You are responsible for all activity under your account. If you ever discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your authorization, you are advised to inform us immediately so that we may revoke your account credentials and issue new ones. VeePN aims to provide the best service possible to all of our Subscribers. In that sense, we require that you do not misuse our Service. A misuse refers to any use, access, or interference with the Service contrary to the Terms or applicable laws and regulations. Note that one VeePN VPN subscription allows for 10 simultaneous VPN connections per account, whereas the VeePN Antivirus subscription permits connecting up to 10 devices at once. In order to protect the Services from being misused or used to harm someone, VeePN reserves the right to take appropriate measures when our Services are being used contrary to these Terms and applicable laws. You agree that VeePN may terminate your account, without providing a refund for Services already paid, if you misuse the Service, inter alia as defined below. In using our Services, you agree not to: Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i. e. , “spam") over the Service Send, post, or transmit over the Service any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory; infringes on intellectual property rights; invades privacy; or incites violence Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors or may be may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing or defamatory Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service Misrepresent yourself or act on behalf of others without authorization. Transmit or store materials that contain software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i. e. , any form of “hacking”) or use our Services for web crawling, scraping, harvesting, or any similar activities that could potentially hinder the experience of other users. Attempt to access and use the Services if you have been denied access previously or if your account has been suspended or terminated for any reason. Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VeePN in conjunction with the Service Use the Services for any military purpose, including cyberwarfare, weapons development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons Take any action that could potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes Represent the Service as if it were provided by a third party, access it in large quantities, scrape data, redistribute or resell it, or make the Services accessible to any third party in any manner It is your responsibility to comply with all relevant local, state, national, and international laws, treaties, and regulations when using the Services. We retain the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without prior notice, to suspend and/or terminate accounts and/or services of any users who violate any applicable laws or these Terms, whether through repeated violations or a single instance. How to report illegal and/or infringing content: If you encounter content or behavior that you believe fails to comply with our Terms of Services or applicable laws on the VeePN platform, we encourage you to report it to us. If a report lacks sufficient information for VeePN to clearly determine whether the content is illegal, we will either ask you for more details or choose not to remove the content in question. Compile a notice containing the following information: A detailed explanation of why you believe the content or user behavior violates applicable laws or our Terms of Use. Identification of any copyrighted work allegedly infringed, if applicable. Clear indication of the exact electronic location of the content, such as URLs or screenshots, to aid in its identification. Your contact information, including your full name, physical address, and email address. If applicable, provide information about your authorized representative. A statement affirming your good-faith belief that the use of the content is not authorized by you, your authorized representative, or the law. A statement affirming the accuracy of the information provided in the notice under penalty of perjury. Your physical or electronic signature. Send the completed notice to VeePN via email at [email protected] or by registered mail to the following address: VeePN Corp. Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama We evaluate your notice and if we find that a breach has occurred, we may take appropriate action, which could include termination of the user's account or limitation or suspension of the provision of services or removal or restriction of the reported content. We will communicate the outcome of our review and any actions taken to the user via email or other provided means of contact. We take reports of unacceptable use of our services seriously and appreciate your cooperation in helping us maintain a safe and compliant platform for all users. You accept and agree that in the event of a breach of these Terms by you, you forfeit any and all unused portions of your subscription, and any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable to the maximum extent provided by law. 7. License Subject to your compliance with these Terms, VeePN grants to you non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited license to use the Service. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by VeePN is strictly prohibited. For the avoidance of doubt, this license does not allow you to use the Service on any Device that you do not own or rightfully control. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Service. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by us via this license or otherwise, or terms of the relevant certified application store from which you have downloaded the App), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify or create derivative works of the Website or the App, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of our rights as a licensor. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. 8. Intellectual property All intellectual property on the Service, which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws, is proprietary either to us or to third parties. All trademarks, service marks and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by us. All content offered by the Service (except for personal information), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content (the “Content”) is our intellectual property; all rights reserved. 9. Language and translation of service content All Content containing in Service (“Content”) was originally written in English. Any translation of our Content is done on a best-effort basis. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of translated Content. In the event of any discrepancy between the translated Content and the English Content, the English Content shall prevail. 10. Third-party websites VeePN may provide you with content belonging to Third Parties (“Third Parties”) or links leading to third-party websites. VeePN is not responsible for the availability of the content provided by Third Parties as they are not under the control or supervision of VeePN, and they may have different terms of service and policies. Your access through our Services to any website, service, or content provided by Third Parties does not indicate any relationship between VeePN and such Third Parties. 11. Disclaimers We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and Services. However, these are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not make any warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. You acknowledge that you access the Site and Services at your sole risk and discretion. Actual VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations, and quality as well as the antivirus service quality may vary. Thus, you explicitly agree and acknowledge that VeePN Antivirus adheres to the current industry software technology standards and that no application can detect and remove 100% of all malware using any technology available as of now. VeePN attempts to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to emergencies; third-party-service failures; or transmission, equipment, or network problems or limitations, interference, or signal strength. As a result, it may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages, or pages lost, not delivered, delayed, or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service, communications services, or networks. We may impose usage or Service limits, suspend Service, terminate VPN accounts, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect Subscribers or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. The antivirus service is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended for use in any hazardous environment requiring fail-safe performance or operation The antivirus service is not for use in the operation of nuclear power plants, military actions, weapon systems, aircraft navigational and communications systems, medical or other applications critical to human life, or any application or installation where failure could result in death, severe physical injury or property damage. VeePN hereby expressly rejects the notion that antivirus is suitable for use in special-risk areas. VeePN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion and without notice, remove, block, filter, or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject VeePN or our customers to liability. VeePN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on our part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the Service and/or into your computing device. 12. Limitations of Liability VeePN shall not be liable and shall not have responsibility of any kind to any Subscriber or other individual for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of: Any failure or interruption of the Site or Service; Any act or omission of any Third Party involved in making the Site or Service or the data contained therein available to you; Any other cause relating to your access or use, or inability to access or use, any portion of the Service or the Content; Your interactions on the Site or Service; Your failure to comply with this Terms; The cost of procurement of substitute services; Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of VeePN or of any vendor providing software, services, or support for the Site or Service. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise shall VeePN, its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, members, officers, or employees be liable for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or for any other loss or damages of any arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the Service, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or Device failure or malfunction, even if a representative of ours has been advised of the possibility thereof. In no event will we be liable for any damages in excess of fifty US dollars ($50). Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. 13. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless VeePN, its officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Content and Service, including but not limited to: The breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your Device or your user account credentials (password or login information); Any other matter for which you are responsible under these Terms or under any applicable law. We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. The assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations. 14. Termination You may terminate these Terms at any time, provided that you cancel any further use of the Service as described herein above. If you violate these Terms, we reserve the right to terminate your use or access to the Service, including by means of terminating your account. We, however, may, in our sole discretion, terminate these Terms, your access to any part or all of the Service, or your account, at any time and for any reason, without penalty or liability to you or any third party. In the event of your breach of these Terms, these actions are in addition to and not in lieu or as limitation of any other right or remedy that may be available to us. Upon any termination of the Terms by either you or us, you must promptly uninstall the App on all of your Devices and destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Service, all documentation, and all copies of such materials and documentation. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever: Intellectual Property, Disclaimer, Limitations of Liability, Indemnity, Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution, Entire Agreement and Severability. 15. Choice of law and dispute resolution These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled by Panama national courts. 16. Entire agreement These Terms and Privacy Policy a constitute the entire agreement between you and us pertaining to the subject matter hereof (the “Agreement”). Anything contained in or delivered through the Service that is inconsistent with or conflicts with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement. These Terms may not be modified, in whole or in part, except as described elsewhere in these Terms. 17. Severability If any of the provisions of these Terms are held to be not enforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be amended, limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 18. Assignability You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written and explicit consent. You agree that these Terms, Privacy Policy, and/or the Agreement between you and us in general may be assigned by us, in our sole discretion to any third party. 19. Contact us All notices to you relating to these Terms shall be notified to you either via the Service or via the email address that you provided to us. Please submit any notices to us with respect to the Service or these Terms via [email protected]. Last updated: February 17, 2025 These VeePN Terms of Service (the “Terms)” apply to all subscribers of the VeePN Services. These Terms govern your use of VeePN, a service available via the link https://veepn. com/ (the “Site”) and the related application software distributed via application store(s) or otherwise (the “App”), collectively referred to as the “Service”. VeePN is a leading cybersecurity company dedicated to providing top-notch privacy and security comprehensive, multiplatform solution that includes but are not limited to fast and secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) services, Antivirus software, and an Alert system for data leak detection along with other (if any) services, software, extensions, applications, information, and content. By starting or continuing the use of the Service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (collectively the “Device”), you as a user of the Service confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and any other applicable law 1. Acceptance By accessing the Service, you are agreeing on behalf of yourself or those you represent (“you”) to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms in their entirety. These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ( the “Agreement” ) between you and VeePN Corp. (“VeePN”, “we”, “us”, “our”), with registered offices at Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama. If you do not agree with any part of the Terms, you may not use our Services. By creating an account for using our Services, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 18 years of age) or that you are a valid legal entity, and that the registration information you have provided is accurate and complete. 2. Modification VeePN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. If you continue to use Service after these changes take effect, then you agree to the revised Terms. The current version of the Terms is available on the Site. You understand and agree that it is your obligation to review these Terms from time to time in order to stay informed on current rules and obligations. Notification on any core changes to the Terms will be provided to subscribers through an email message or update to the Site. Your use of the Service following the changes to these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changed Terms. 3. Privacy policy Any and all issues regarding the provision of your personal information are governed by our Privacy Policy and you are giving your consent to the collection of such information by using the Service in accordance with its terms. Therefore, we recommend you to review the Privacy Policy in its entirety to get a clear understanding of how we handle your sensitive data. By using our Services, you acknowledge that we may request your consent to share specific app usage data with the App Store. This data sharing is solely for the purpose of improving user experience and facilitating refund and dispute processing in accordance with App Store policies. If you do not consent to such data sharing, we may be unable to support certain refund or dispute claims through the App Store. Your decision to grant or revoke consent does not impact your general use of our Services. For more details, please refer to our Privacy Policy. 4. Payments VeePN offers a number of different Subscription Plans for the provision of the Service, on a monthly, yearly and a five-year basis (the Subscription Plan). The Subscription Plans are subject to change from time to time by VeePN, without liability to VeePN or any prior notice required. The VeePN app for any compatible platform or operating system can be downloaded free of charge while the usage of the Service is subscription-based. You will have to purchase a paid subscription to connect to the VeePN Service in order to use the Service. Some of VeePN`s paid features/subscriptions are subject to prior activation in order to be used. Please follow the instructions provided in such features/subscriptions` descriptions to get full access and start using them. You may be provided with a limited free trial or certain coupon offers prior to the subscription purchase. You can revoke from the subscription (i. e. cancel it) and, therefore, stop the usage of the Service while the free trial or coupon offer is due. The exact period of the free-trial (if available) can be found in the Service. Should you not cancel the subscription and continue to use our Service after the trial period, or in case if the trial period is not provided, the subscription cannot be further revoked and your payment cannot be returned to you unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms. Therefore, in order to avoid being charged should you willing not to, you must affirmatively cancel a subscription or a free trial in your app store account settings at least 48 hours before the end of the free trial or the current subscription period. If you are unsure how to cancel a subscription or a free trial, please visit the apple support website, google play help (or any other app store's support pages), or contact us via [email protected]. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT DELETING THE APP DOES NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS DUE OR SUBSCRIPTIONS THAT FOLLOW FREE TRIALS. The Subscription Plans may be found in the Service. Once you choose your Subscription Plan as above, and in consideration thereof, you shall be required to choose a method for payment from a number of third-parties payment processors which are external to our Site. All payments of monthly and yearly subscriptions made with credit card, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases, PayPal are recurring (i. e. , shall be automatically renewed at the end of the billing period of your Subscription Plan), at the same time a five-year subscription that is made with credit card, PayPal, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases is a one time payment. All payments of five-year subscriptions made with Paymentwall are one-time payments, yearly and monthly subscriptions are recurring. All purchases that are made with crypto currency are one-time payments. Note that auto-renewal subscriptions become non-refundable after the auto-renewal. You shall be solely liable for any fees, commissions or rates of the third-party Payment Processors of your choosing. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. VeePN is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transaction, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any taxes arising from any transaction. 5. Refund policy We have a Money-Back Guarantee policy in the mentioned term: For 1 month plans a 14-day Money Back Guarantee. For 6 months or greater subscriptions a 30-day Money Back Guarantee. If you choose not to use our paid Services anymore, we guarantee you a right to claim a refund within 14 or 30 days since the date of the original purchase following your subscription to our Services. However, we would like to solve your issue before you decide to cancel the subscription, therefore you are always welcome to reach out to us at [email protected]. Refunds beyond the 30-day purchase window will be considered, at the sole discretion of VeePN, if a Subscriber can demonstrate that the Service was not available or usable during the subscription period and that reasonable attempts were made to contact VeePN to resolve the issue. In this case, VeePN may provide the Subscriber with a pro-rata refund of service fees paid during the period when the Service was not available or usable. Refunds are generally processed within ten (10) working days. The payment providers tell us that it can take up to 14 days for that refund to appear back in your account. Refunds are made to the original form of payment used for purchase. All refunds are sent in USD and therefore the refund amount could differ from the amount originally paid in local currency. Any change to the original purchase, such as upgrading to an extended billing term or purchasing of additional licenses under the same account, shall constitute a waiver of the Money Back Guarantee option. You can only get a refund for our Services once. If your subscription has been rebilled, or was canceled and later renewed, it is considered to be non-refundable. No refunds will be considered for accounts terminated for violation of these Terms. All fees associated with discounted trials are strictly non-refundable. By signing up for a discounted trial, you explicitly acknowledge and agree that the fee for the trial is non-refundable under any circumstances. This means that even if you choose to cancel your subscription before the trial period ends, the fee you paid for the discounted trial will not be returned to you. Please note that general refund rules do not apply to discounted trial fees. Our Support Team at [email protected] will be happy to help you with the refund request. It's obligatory to contact the Support Team with the same email address that you used for registration, otherwise the refund procedure will not be started. Note that: Apple In-App Purchases refunds can be claimed from Apple (https://expresslane. apple. com). Payments made with any form of cryptocurrency may be refunded only in the same cryptocurrency. The transaction fee will be deducted from the refund amount. In some specific cases, we will not be able to make a refund via the same payment system that the refunded purchase had been made. In those cases we will require additional information from our user, to define the acceptable payment system in order to make a full refund. This Agreement is personal to you, is your obligation, and therefore, you may not assign your rights or obligations of this to anyone. 6. Acceptable use policy VeePN Services may be accessed from all around the world, so it is your responsibility to assess the Services in compliance with local laws and regulations. Whenever you use the Services, you should comply with these Terms and applicable laws, regulations, and policies. You understand that it is your responsibility to keep your VeePN account information confidential. You are responsible for all activity under your account. If you ever discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your authorization, you are advised to inform us immediately so that we may revoke your account credentials and issue new ones. VeePN aims to provide the best service possible to all of our Subscribers. In that sense, we require that you do not misuse our Service. A misuse refers to any use, access, or interference with the Service contrary to the Terms or applicable laws and regulations. Note that one VeePN VPN subscription allows for 10 simultaneous VPN connections per account, whereas the VeePN Antivirus subscription permits connecting up to 10 devices at once. In order to protect the Services from being misused or used to harm someone, VeePN reserves the right to take appropriate measures when our Services are being used contrary to these Terms and applicable laws. You agree that VeePN may terminate your account, without providing a refund for Services already paid, if you misuse the Service, inter alia as defined below. In using our Services, you agree not to: Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i. e. , “spam") over the Service Send, post, or transmit over the Service any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory; infringes on intellectual property rights; invades privacy; or incites violence Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors or may be may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing or defamatory Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service Misrepresent yourself or act on behalf of others without authorization. Transmit or store materials that contain software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i. e. , any form of “hacking”) or use our Services for web crawling, scraping, harvesting, or any similar activities that could potentially hinder the experience of other users. Attempt to access and use the Services if you have been denied access previously or if your account has been suspended or terminated for any reason. Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VeePN in conjunction with the Service Use the Services for any military purpose, including cyberwarfare, weapons development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons Take any action that could potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes Represent the Service as if it were provided by a third party, access it in large quantities, scrape data, redistribute or resell it, or make the Services accessible to any third party in any manner It is your responsibility to comply with all relevant local, state, national, and international laws, treaties, and regulations when using the Services. We retain the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without prior notice, to suspend and/or terminate accounts and/or services of any users who violate any applicable laws or these Terms, whether through repeated violations or a single instance. How to report illegal and/or infringing content: If you encounter content or behavior that you believe fails to comply with our Terms of Services or applicable laws on the VeePN platform, we encourage you to report it to us. If a report lacks sufficient information for VeePN to clearly determine whether the content is illegal, we will either ask you for more details or choose not to remove the content in question. Compile a notice containing the following information: A detailed explanation of why you believe the content or user behavior violates applicable laws or our Terms of Use. Identification of any copyrighted work allegedly infringed, if applicable. Clear indication of the exact electronic location of the content, such as URLs or screenshots, to aid in its identification. Your contact information, including your full name, physical address, and email address. If applicable, provide information about your authorized representative. A statement affirming your good-faith belief that the use of the content is not authorized by you, your authorized representative, or the law. A statement affirming the accuracy of the information provided in the notice under penalty of perjury. Your physical or electronic signature. Send the completed notice to VeePN via email at [email protected] or by registered mail to the following address: VeePN Corp. Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama We evaluate your notice and if we find that a breach has occurred, we may take appropriate action, which could include termination of the user's account or limitation or suspension of the provision of services or removal or restriction of the reported content. We will communicate the outcome of our review and any actions taken to the user via email or other provided means of contact. We take reports of unacceptable use of our services seriously and appreciate your cooperation in helping us maintain a safe and compliant platform for all users. You accept and agree that in the event of a breach of these Terms by you, you forfeit any and all unused portions of your subscription, and any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable to the maximum extent provided by law. 7. License Subject to your compliance with these Terms, VeePN grants to you non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited license to use the Service. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by VeePN is strictly prohibited. For the avoidance of doubt, this license does not allow you to use the Service on any Device that you do not own or rightfully control. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Service. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by us via this license or otherwise, or terms of the relevant certified application store from which you have downloaded the App), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify or create derivative works of the Website or the App, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of our rights as a licensor. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. 8. Intellectual property All intellectual property on the Service, which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws, is proprietary either to us or to third parties. All trademarks, service marks and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by us. All content offered by the Service (except for personal information), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content (the “Content”) is our intellectual property; all rights reserved. 9. Language and translation of service content All Content containing in Service (“Content”) was originally written in English. Any translation of our Content is done on a best-effort basis. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of translated Content. In the event of any discrepancy between the translated Content and the English Content, the English Content shall prevail. 10. Third-party websites VeePN may provide you with content belonging to Third Parties (“Third Parties”) or links leading to third-party websites. VeePN is not responsible for the availability of the content provided by Third Parties as they are not under the control or supervision of VeePN, and they may have different terms of service and policies. Your access through our Services to any website, service, or content provided by Third Parties does not indicate any relationship between VeePN and such Third Parties. 11. Disclaimers We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and Services. However, these are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not make any warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. You acknowledge that you access the Site and Services at your sole risk and discretion. Actual VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations, and quality as well as the antivirus service quality may vary. Thus, you explicitly agree and acknowledge that VeePN Antivirus adheres to the current industry software technology standards and that no application can detect and remove 100% of all malware using any technology available as of now. VeePN attempts to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to emergencies; third-party-service failures; or transmission, equipment, or network problems or limitations, interference, or signal strength. As a result, it may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages, or pages lost, not delivered, delayed, or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service, communications services, or networks. We may impose usage or Service limits, suspend Service, terminate VPN accounts, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect Subscribers or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. The antivirus service is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended for use in any hazardous environment requiring fail-safe performance or operation The antivirus service is not for use in the operation of nuclear power plants, military actions, weapon systems, aircraft navigational and communications systems, medical or other applications critical to human life, or any application or installation where failure could result in death, severe physical injury or property damage. VeePN hereby expressly rejects the notion that antivirus is suitable for use in special-risk areas. VeePN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion and without notice, remove, block, filter, or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject VeePN or our customers to liability. VeePN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on our part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the Service and/or into your computing device. 12. Limitations of Liability VeePN shall not be liable and shall not have responsibility of any kind to any Subscriber or other individual for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of: Any failure or interruption of the Site or Service; Any act or omission of any Third Party involved in making the Site or Service or the data contained therein available to you; Any other cause relating to your access or use, or inability to access or use, any portion of the Service or the Content; Your interactions on the Site or Service; Your failure to comply with this Terms; The cost of procurement of substitute services; Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of VeePN or of any vendor providing software, services, or support for the Site or Service. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise shall VeePN, its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, members, officers, or employees be liable for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or for any other loss or damages of any arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the Service, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or Device failure or malfunction, even if a representative of ours has been advised of the possibility thereof. In no event will we be liable for any damages in excess of fifty US dollars ($50). Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. 13. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless VeePN, its officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Content and Service, including but not limited to: The breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your Device or your user account credentials (password or login information); Any other matter for which you are responsible under these Terms or under any applicable law. We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. The assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations. 14. Termination You may terminate these Terms at any time, provided that you cancel any further use of the Service as described herein above. If you violate these Terms, we reserve the right to terminate your use or access to the Service, including by means of terminating your account. We, however, may, in our sole discretion, terminate these Terms, your access to any part or all of the Service, or your account, at any time and for any reason, without penalty or liability to you or any third party. In the event of your breach of these Terms, these actions are in addition to and not in lieu or as limitation of any other right or remedy that may be available to us. Upon any termination of the Terms by either you or us, you must promptly uninstall the App on all of your Devices and destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Service, all documentation, and all copies of such materials and documentation. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever: Intellectual Property, Disclaimer, Limitations of Liability, Indemnity, Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution, Entire Agreement and Severability. 15. Choice of law and dispute resolution These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled by Panama national courts. 16. Entire agreement These Terms and Privacy Policy a constitute the entire agreement between you and us pertaining to the subject matter hereof (the “Agreement”). Anything contained in or delivered through the Service that is inconsistent with or conflicts with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement. These Terms may not be modified, in whole or in part, except as described elsewhere in these Terms. 17. Severability If any of the provisions of these Terms are held to be not enforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be amended, limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 18. Assignability You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written and explicit consent. You agree that these Terms, Privacy Policy, and/or the Agreement between you and us in general may be assigned by us, in our sole discretion to any third party. 19. Contact us All notices to you relating to these Terms shall be notified to you either via the Service or via the email address that you provided to us. Please submit any notices to us with respect to the Service or these Terms via [email protected]. Last updated: February 17, 2025 These VeePN Terms of Service (the “Terms)” apply to all subscribers of the VeePN Services. These Terms govern your use of VeePN, a service available via the link https://veepn. com/ (the “Site”) and the related application software distributed via application store(s) or otherwise (the “App”), collectively referred to as the “Service”. VeePN is a leading cybersecurity company dedicated to providing top-notch privacy and security comprehensive, multiplatform solution that includes but are not limited to fast and secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) services, Antivirus software, and an Alert system for data leak detection along with other (if any) services, software, extensions, applications, information, and content. By starting or continuing the use of the Service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (collectively the “Device”), you as a user of the Service confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and any other applicable law These VeePN Terms of Service (the “Terms)” apply to all subscribers of the VeePN Services. These Terms govern your use of VeePN, a service available via the link https://veepn. com/ (the “Site”) and the related application software distributed via application store(s) or otherwise (the “App”), collectively referred to as the “Service”. VeePN is a leading cybersecurity company dedicated to providing top-notch privacy and security comprehensive, multiplatform solution that includes but are not limited to fast and secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) services, Antivirus software, and an Alert system for data leak detection along with other (if any) services, software, extensions, applications, information, and content. By starting or continuing the use of the Service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (collectively the “Device”), you as a user of the Service confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and any other applicable law 1. Acceptance By accessing the Service, you are agreeing on behalf of yourself or those you represent (“you”) to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms in their entirety. These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ( the “Agreement” ) between you and VeePN Corp. (“VeePN”, “we”, “us”, “our”), with registered offices at Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama. If you do not agree with any part of the Terms, you may not use our Services. By creating an account for using our Services, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 18 years of age) or that you are a valid legal entity, and that the registration information you have provided is accurate and complete. 1. Acceptance By accessing the Service, you are agreeing on behalf of yourself or those you represent (“you”) to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms in their entirety. These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement ( the “Agreement” ) between you and VeePN Corp. (“VeePN”, “we”, “us”, “our”), with registered offices at Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama. If you do not agree with any part of the Terms, you may not use our Services. By creating an account for using our Services, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 18 years of age) or that you are a valid legal entity, and that the registration information you have provided is accurate and complete. 2. Modification VeePN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. If you continue to use Service after these changes take effect, then you agree to the revised Terms. The current version of the Terms is available on the Site. You understand and agree that it is your obligation to review these Terms from time to time in order to stay informed on current rules and obligations. Notification on any core changes to the Terms will be provided to subscribers through an email message or update to the Site. Your use of the Service following the changes to these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changed Terms. 2. Modification VeePN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. If you continue to use Service after these changes take effect, then you agree to the revised Terms. The current version of the Terms is available on the Site. You understand and agree that it is your obligation to review these Terms from time to time in order to stay informed on current rules and obligations. Notification on any core changes to the Terms will be provided to subscribers through an email message or update to the Site. Your use of the Service following the changes to these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changed Terms. 3. Privacy policy Any and all issues regarding the provision of your personal information are governed by our Privacy Policy and you are giving your consent to the collection of such information by using the Service in accordance with its terms. Therefore, we recommend you to review the Privacy Policy in its entirety to get a clear understanding of how we handle your sensitive data. By using our Services, you acknowledge that we may request your consent to share specific app usage data with the App Store. This data sharing is solely for the purpose of improving user experience and facilitating refund and dispute processing in accordance with App Store policies. If you do not consent to such data sharing, we may be unable to support certain refund or dispute claims through the App Store. Your decision to grant or revoke consent does not impact your general use of our Services. For more details, please refer to our Privacy Policy. 3. Privacy policy Any and all issues regarding the provision of your personal information are governed by our Privacy Policy and you are giving your consent to the collection of such information by using the Service in accordance with its terms. Therefore, we recommend you to review the Privacy Policy in its entirety to get a clear understanding of how we handle your sensitive data. By using our Services, you acknowledge that we may request your consent to share specific app usage data with the App Store. This data sharing is solely for the purpose of improving user experience and facilitating refund and dispute processing in accordance with App Store policies. If you do not consent to such data sharing, we may be unable to support certain refund or dispute claims through the App Store. Your decision to grant or revoke consent does not impact your general use of our Services. For more details, please refer to our Privacy Policy. 4. Payments VeePN offers a number of different Subscription Plans for the provision of the Service, on a monthly, yearly and a five-year basis (the Subscription Plan). The Subscription Plans are subject to change from time to time by VeePN, without liability to VeePN or any prior notice required. The VeePN app for any compatible platform or operating system can be downloaded free of charge while the usage of the Service is subscription-based. You will have to purchase a paid subscription to connect to the VeePN Service in order to use the Service. Some of VeePN`s paid features/subscriptions are subject to prior activation in order to be used. Please follow the instructions provided in such features/subscriptions` descriptions to get full access and start using them. You may be provided with a limited free trial or certain coupon offers prior to the subscription purchase. You can revoke from the subscription (i. e. cancel it) and, therefore, stop the usage of the Service while the free trial or coupon offer is due. The exact period of the free-trial (if available) can be found in the Service. Should you not cancel the subscription and continue to use our Service after the trial period, or in case if the trial period is not provided, the subscription cannot be further revoked and your payment cannot be returned to you unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms. Therefore, in order to avoid being charged should you willing not to, you must affirmatively cancel a subscription or a free trial in your app store account settings at least 48 hours before the end of the free trial or the current subscription period. If you are unsure how to cancel a subscription or a free trial, please visit the apple support website, google play help (or any other app store's support pages), or contact us via [email protected]. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT DELETING THE APP DOES NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS DUE OR SUBSCRIPTIONS THAT FOLLOW FREE TRIALS. The Subscription Plans may be found in the Service. Once you choose your Subscription Plan as above, and in consideration thereof, you shall be required to choose a method for payment from a number of third-parties payment processors which are external to our Site. All payments of monthly and yearly subscriptions made with credit card, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases, PayPal are recurring (i. e. , shall be automatically renewed at the end of the billing period of your Subscription Plan), at the same time a five-year subscription that is made with credit card, PayPal, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases is a one time payment. All payments of five-year subscriptions made with Paymentwall are one-time payments, yearly and monthly subscriptions are recurring. All purchases that are made with crypto currency are one-time payments. Note that auto-renewal subscriptions become non-refundable after the auto-renewal. You shall be solely liable for any fees, commissions or rates of the third-party Payment Processors of your choosing. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. VeePN is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transaction, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any taxes arising from any transaction. 4. Payments VeePN offers a number of different Subscription Plans for the provision of the Service, on a monthly, yearly and a five-year basis (the Subscription Plan). The Subscription Plans are subject to change from time to time by VeePN, without liability to VeePN or any prior notice required. The VeePN app for any compatible platform or operating system can be downloaded free of charge while the usage of the Service is subscription-based. You will have to purchase a paid subscription to connect to the VeePN Service in order to use the Service. Some of VeePN`s paid features/subscriptions are subject to prior activation in order to be used. Please follow the instructions provided in such features/subscriptions` descriptions to get full access and start using them. You may be provided with a limited free trial or certain coupon offers prior to the subscription purchase. You can revoke from the subscription (i. e. cancel it) and, therefore, stop the usage of the Service while the free trial or coupon offer is due. The exact period of the free-trial (if available) can be found in the Service. Should you not cancel the subscription and continue to use our Service after the trial period, or in case if the trial period is not provided, the subscription cannot be further revoked and your payment cannot be returned to you unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms. Therefore, in order to avoid being charged should you willing not to, you must affirmatively cancel a subscription or a free trial in your app store account settings at least 48 hours before the end of the free trial or the current subscription period. If you are unsure how to cancel a subscription or a free trial, please visit the apple support website, google play help (or any other app store's support pages), or contact us via [email protected]. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT DELETING THE APP DOES NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS DUE OR SUBSCRIPTIONS THAT FOLLOW FREE TRIALS. The Subscription Plans may be found in the Service. Once you choose your Subscription Plan as above, and in consideration thereof, you shall be required to choose a method for payment from a number of third-parties payment processors which are external to our Site. All payments of monthly and yearly subscriptions made with credit card, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases, PayPal are recurring (i. e. , shall be automatically renewed at the end of the billing period of your Subscription Plan), at the same time a five-year subscription that is made with credit card, PayPal, Google Play Store or iTunes in-app purchases is a one time payment. All payments of five-year subscriptions made with Paymentwall are one-time payments, yearly and monthly subscriptions are recurring. All purchases that are made with crypto currency are one-time payments. Note that auto-renewal subscriptions become non-refundable after the auto-renewal. You shall be solely liable for any fees, commissions or rates of the third-party Payment Processors of your choosing. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. VeePN is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transaction, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any taxes arising from any transaction. 5. Refund policy We have a Money-Back Guarantee policy in the mentioned term: For 1 month plans a 14-day Money Back Guarantee. For 6 months or greater subscriptions a 30-day Money Back Guarantee. If you choose not to use our paid Services anymore, we guarantee you a right to claim a refund within 14 or 30 days since the date of the original purchase following your subscription to our Services. However, we would like to solve your issue before you decide to cancel the subscription, therefore you are always welcome to reach out to us at [email protected]. Refunds beyond the 30-day purchase window will be considered, at the sole discretion of VeePN, if a Subscriber can demonstrate that the Service was not available or usable during the subscription period and that reasonable attempts were made to contact VeePN to resolve the issue. In this case, VeePN may provide the Subscriber with a pro-rata refund of service fees paid during the period when the Service was not available or usable. Refunds are generally processed within ten (10) working days. The payment providers tell us that it can take up to 14 days for that refund to appear back in your account. Refunds are made to the original form of payment used for purchase. All refunds are sent in USD and therefore the refund amount could differ from the amount originally paid in local currency. Any change to the original purchase, such as upgrading to an extended billing term or purchasing of additional licenses under the same account, shall constitute a waiver of the Money Back Guarantee option. You can only get a refund for our Services once. If your subscription has been rebilled, or was canceled and later renewed, it is considered to be non-refundable. No refunds will be considered for accounts terminated for violation of these Terms. All fees associated with discounted trials are strictly non-refundable. By signing up for a discounted trial, you explicitly acknowledge and agree that the fee for the trial is non-refundable under any circumstances. This means that even if you choose to cancel your subscription before the trial period ends, the fee you paid for the discounted trial will not be returned to you. Please note that general refund rules do not apply to discounted trial fees. Our Support Team at [email protected] will be happy to help you with the refund request. It's obligatory to contact the Support Team with the same email address that you used for registration, otherwise the refund procedure will not be started. Note that: Apple In-App Purchases refunds can be claimed from Apple (https://expresslane. apple. com). Payments made with any form of cryptocurrency may be refunded only in the same cryptocurrency. The transaction fee will be deducted from the refund amount. In some specific cases, we will not be able to make a refund via the same payment system that the refunded purchase had been made. In those cases we will require additional information from our user, to define the acceptable payment system in order to make a full refund. This Agreement is personal to you, is your obligation, and therefore, you may not assign your rights or obligations of this to anyone. 5. Refund policy We have a Money-Back Guarantee policy in the mentioned term: If you choose not to use our paid Services anymore, we guarantee you a right to claim a refund within 14 or 30 days since the date of the original purchase following your subscription to our Services. However, we would like to solve your issue before you decide to cancel the subscription, therefore you are always welcome to reach out to us at [email protected]. Refunds beyond the 30-day purchase window will be considered, at the sole discretion of VeePN, if a Subscriber can demonstrate that the Service was not available or usable during the subscription period and that reasonable attempts were made to contact VeePN to resolve the issue. In this case, VeePN may provide the Subscriber with a pro-rata refund of service fees paid during the period when the Service was not available or usable. Refunds are generally processed within ten (10) working days. The payment providers tell us that it can take up to 14 days for that refund to appear back in your account. Refunds are made to the original form of payment used for purchase. All refunds are sent in USD and therefore the refund amount could differ from the amount originally paid in local currency. Any change to the original purchase, such as upgrading to an extended billing term or purchasing of additional licenses under the same account, shall constitute a waiver of the Money Back Guarantee option. You can only get a refund for our Services once. If your subscription has been rebilled, or was canceled and later renewed, it is considered to be non-refundable. No refunds will be considered for accounts terminated for violation of these Terms. All fees associated with discounted trials are strictly non-refundable. By signing up for a discounted trial, you explicitly acknowledge and agree that the fee for the trial is non-refundable under any circumstances. This means that even if you choose to cancel your subscription before the trial period ends, the fee you paid for the discounted trial will not be returned to you. Please note that general refund rules do not apply to discounted trial fees. Our Support Team at [email protected] will be happy to help you with the refund request. It's obligatory to contact the Support Team with the same email address that you used for registration, otherwise the refund procedure will not be started. Note that: 6. Acceptable use policy VeePN Services may be accessed from all around the world, so it is your responsibility to assess the Services in compliance with local laws and regulations. Whenever you use the Services, you should comply with these Terms and applicable laws, regulations, and policies. You understand that it is your responsibility to keep your VeePN account information confidential. You are responsible for all activity under your account. If you ever discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your authorization, you are advised to inform us immediately so that we may revoke your account credentials and issue new ones. VeePN aims to provide the best service possible to all of our Subscribers. In that sense, we require that you do not misuse our Service. A misuse refers to any use, access, or interference with the Service contrary to the Terms or applicable laws and regulations. Note that one VeePN VPN subscription allows for 10 simultaneous VPN connections per account, whereas the VeePN Antivirus subscription permits connecting up to 10 devices at once. In order to protect the Services from being misused or used to harm someone, VeePN reserves the right to take appropriate measures when our Services are being used contrary to these Terms and applicable laws. You agree that VeePN may terminate your account, without providing a refund for Services already paid, if you misuse the Service, inter alia as defined below. In using our Services, you agree not to: Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i. e. , “spam") over the Service Send, post, or transmit over the Service any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory; infringes on intellectual property rights; invades privacy; or incites violence Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors or may be may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing or defamatory Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service Misrepresent yourself or act on behalf of others without authorization. Transmit or store materials that contain software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i. e. , any form of “hacking”) or use our Services for web crawling, scraping, harvesting, or any similar activities that could potentially hinder the experience of other users. Attempt to access and use the Services if you have been denied access previously or if your account has been suspended or terminated for any reason. Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VeePN in conjunction with the Service Use the Services for any military purpose, including cyberwarfare, weapons development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons Take any action that could potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes Represent the Service as if it were provided by a third party, access it in large quantities, scrape data, redistribute or resell it, or make the Services accessible to any third party in any manner It is your responsibility to comply with all relevant local, state, national, and international laws, treaties, and regulations when using the Services. We retain the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without prior notice, to suspend and/or terminate accounts and/or services of any users who violate any applicable laws or these Terms, whether through repeated violations or a single instance. How to report illegal and/or infringing content: If you encounter content or behavior that you believe fails to comply with our Terms of Services or applicable laws on the VeePN platform, we encourage you to report it to us. If a report lacks sufficient information for VeePN to clearly determine whether the content is illegal, we will either ask you for more details or choose not to remove the content in question. Compile a notice containing the following information: A detailed explanation of why you believe the content or user behavior violates applicable laws or our Terms of Use. Identification of any copyrighted work allegedly infringed, if applicable. Clear indication of the exact electronic location of the content, such as URLs or screenshots, to aid in its identification. Your contact information, including your full name, physical address, and email address. If applicable, provide information about your authorized representative. A statement affirming your good-faith belief that the use of the content is not authorized by you, your authorized representative, or the law. A statement affirming the accuracy of the information provided in the notice under penalty of perjury. Your physical or electronic signature. Send the completed notice to VeePN via email at [email protected] or by registered mail to the following address: VeePN Corp. Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama We evaluate your notice and if we find that a breach has occurred, we may take appropriate action, which could include termination of the user's account or limitation or suspension of the provision of services or removal or restriction of the reported content. We will communicate the outcome of our review and any actions taken to the user via email or other provided means of contact. We take reports of unacceptable use of our services seriously and appreciate your cooperation in helping us maintain a safe and compliant platform for all users. You accept and agree that in the event of a breach of these Terms by you, you forfeit any and all unused portions of your subscription, and any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable to the maximum extent provided by law. 6. Acceptable use policy VeePN Services may be accessed from all around the world, so it is your responsibility to assess the Services in compliance with local laws and regulations. Whenever you use the Services, you should comply with these Terms and applicable laws, regulations, and policies. You understand that it is your responsibility to keep your VeePN account information confidential. You are responsible for all activity under your account. If you ever discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your authorization, you are advised to inform us immediately so that we may revoke your account credentials and issue new ones. VeePN aims to provide the best service possible to all of our Subscribers. In that sense, we require that you do not misuse our Service. A misuse refers to any use, access, or interference with the Service contrary to the Terms or applicable laws and regulations. Note that one VeePN VPN subscription allows for 10 simultaneous VPN connections per account, whereas the VeePN Antivirus subscription permits connecting up to 10 devices at once. In order to protect the Services from being misused or used to harm someone, VeePN reserves the right to take appropriate measures when our Services are being used contrary to these Terms and applicable laws. You agree that VeePN may terminate your account, without providing a refund for Services already paid, if you misuse the Service, inter alia as defined below. In using our Services, you agree not to: It is your responsibility to comply with all relevant local, state, national, and international laws, treaties, and regulations when using the Services. We retain the right, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without prior notice, to suspend and/or terminate accounts and/or services of any users who violate any applicable laws or these Terms, whether through repeated violations or a single instance. How to report illegal and/or infringing content: If you encounter content or behavior that you believe fails to comply with our Terms of Services or applicable laws on the VeePN platform, we encourage you to report it to us. If a report lacks sufficient information for VeePN to clearly determine whether the content is illegal, we will either ask you for more details or choose not to remove the content in question. Compile a notice containing the following information: Send the completed notice to VeePN via email at [email protected] or by registered mail to the following address: VeePN Corp. Samuel Lewis Ave & 55th Street, PH SL55 Building, 21st Floor, Panama, Republic of Panama We evaluate your notice and if we find that a breach has occurred, we may take appropriate action, which could include termination of the user's account or limitation or suspension of the provision of services or removal or restriction of the reported content. We will communicate the outcome of our review and any actions taken to the user via email or other provided means of contact. We take reports of unacceptable use of our services seriously and appreciate your cooperation in helping us maintain a safe and compliant platform for all users. You accept and agree that in the event of a breach of these Terms by you, you forfeit any and all unused portions of your subscription, and any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable to the maximum extent provided by law. 7. License Subject to your compliance with these Terms, VeePN grants to you non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited license to use the Service. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by VeePN is strictly prohibited. For the avoidance of doubt, this license does not allow you to use the Service on any Device that you do not own or rightfully control. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Service. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by us via this license or otherwise, or terms of the relevant certified application store from which you have downloaded the App), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify or create derivative works of the Website or the App, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of our rights as a licensor. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. 7. License Subject to your compliance with these Terms, VeePN grants to you non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited license to use the Service. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by VeePN is strictly prohibited. For the avoidance of doubt, this license does not allow you to use the Service on any Device that you do not own or rightfully control. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Service. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by us via this license or otherwise, or terms of the relevant certified application store from which you have downloaded the App), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify or create derivative works of the Website or the App, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of our rights as a licensor. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. 8. Intellectual property All intellectual property on the Service, which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws, is proprietary either to us or to third parties. All trademarks, service marks and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by us. All content offered by the Service (except for personal information), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content (the “Content”) is our intellectual property; all rights reserved. 8. Intellectual property All intellectual property on the Service, which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws, is proprietary either to us or to third parties. All trademarks, service marks and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by us. All content offered by the Service (except for personal information), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content (the “Content”) is our intellectual property; all rights reserved. 9. Language and translation of service content All Content containing in Service (“Content”) was originally written in English. Any translation of our Content is done on a best-effort basis. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of translated Content. In the event of any discrepancy between the translated Content and the English Content, the English Content shall prevail. 9. Language and translation of service content All Content containing in Service (“Content”) was originally written in English. Any translation of our Content is done on a best-effort basis. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of translated Content. In the event of any discrepancy between the translated Content and the English Content, the English Content shall prevail. 10. Third-party websites VeePN may provide you with content belonging to Third Parties (“Third Parties”) or links leading to third-party websites. VeePN is not responsible for the availability of the content provided by Third Parties as they are not under the control or supervision of VeePN, and they may have different terms of service and policies. Your access through our Services to any website, service, or content provided by Third Parties does not indicate any relationship between VeePN and such Third Parties. 10. Third-party websites VeePN may provide you with content belonging to Third Parties (“Third Parties”) or links leading to third-party websites. VeePN is not responsible for the availability of the content provided by Third Parties as they are not under the control or supervision of VeePN, and they may have different terms of service and policies. Your access through our Services to any website, service, or content provided by Third Parties does not indicate any relationship between VeePN and such Third Parties. 11. Disclaimers We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and Services. However, these are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not make any warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. You acknowledge that you access the Site and Services at your sole risk and discretion. Actual VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations, and quality as well as the antivirus service quality may vary. Thus, you explicitly agree and acknowledge that VeePN Antivirus adheres to the current industry software technology standards and that no application can detect and remove 100% of all malware using any technology available as of now. VeePN attempts to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to emergencies; third-party-service failures; or transmission, equipment, or network problems or limitations, interference, or signal strength. As a result, it may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages, or pages lost, not delivered, delayed, or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service, communications services, or networks. We may impose usage or Service limits, suspend Service, terminate VPN accounts, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect Subscribers or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. The antivirus service is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended for use in any hazardous environment requiring fail-safe performance or operation The antivirus service is not for use in the operation of nuclear power plants, military actions, weapon systems, aircraft navigational and communications systems, medical or other applications critical to human life, or any application or installation where failure could result in death, severe physical injury or property damage. VeePN hereby expressly rejects the notion that antivirus is suitable for use in special-risk areas. VeePN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion and without notice, remove, block, filter, or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject VeePN or our customers to liability. VeePN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on our part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the Service and/or into your computing device. 11. Disclaimers We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and Services. However, these are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not make any warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. You acknowledge that you access the Site and Services at your sole risk and discretion. Actual VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations, and quality as well as the antivirus service quality may vary. Thus, you explicitly agree and acknowledge that VeePN Antivirus adheres to the current industry software technology standards and that no application can detect and remove 100% of all malware using any technology available as of now. VeePN attempts to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to emergencies; third-party-service failures; or transmission, equipment, or network problems or limitations, interference, or signal strength. As a result, it may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages, or pages lost, not delivered, delayed, or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service, communications services, or networks. We may impose usage or Service limits, suspend Service, terminate VPN accounts, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect Subscribers or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. The antivirus service is not fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended for use in any hazardous environment requiring fail-safe performance or operation The antivirus service is not for use in the operation of nuclear power plants, military actions, weapon systems, aircraft navigational and communications systems, medical or other applications critical to human life, or any application or installation where failure could result in death, severe physical injury or property damage. VeePN hereby expressly rejects the notion that antivirus is suitable for use in special-risk areas. VeePN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion and without notice, remove, block, filter, or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject VeePN or our customers to liability. VeePN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on our part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the Service and/or into your computing device. 12. Limitations of Liability VeePN shall not be liable and shall not have responsibility of any kind to any Subscriber or other individual for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of: Any failure or interruption of the Site or Service; Any act or omission of any Third Party involved in making the Site or Service or the data contained therein available to you; Any other cause relating to your access or use, or inability to access or use, any portion of the Service or the Content; Your interactions on the Site or Service; Your failure to comply with this Terms; The cost of procurement of substitute services; Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of VeePN or of any vendor providing software, services, or support for the Site or Service. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise shall VeePN, its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, members, officers, or employees be liable for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or for any other loss or damages of any arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the Service, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or Device failure or malfunction, even if a representative of ours has been advised of the possibility thereof. In no event will we be liable for any damages in excess of fifty US dollars ($50). Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. 12. Limitations of Liability VeePN shall not be liable and shall not have responsibility of any kind to any Subscriber or other individual for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise shall VeePN, its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, members, officers, or employees be liable for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or for any other loss or damages of any arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the Service, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or Device failure or malfunction, even if a representative of ours has been advised of the possibility thereof. In no event will we be liable for any damages in excess of fifty US dollars ($50). Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. 13. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless VeePN, its officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Content and Service, including but not limited to: The breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your Device or your user account credentials (password or login information); Any other matter for which you are responsible under these Terms or under any applicable law. We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. The assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations. 13. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless VeePN, its officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Content and Service, including but not limited to: We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. The assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations. 14. Termination You may terminate these Terms at any time, provided that you cancel any further use of the Service as described herein above. If you violate these Terms, we reserve the right to terminate your use or access to the Service, including by means of terminating your account. We, however, may, in our sole discretion, terminate these Terms, your access to any part or all of the Service, or your account, at any time and for any reason, without penalty or liability to you or any third party. In the event of your breach of these Terms, these actions are in addition to and not in lieu or as limitation of any other right or remedy that may be available to us. Upon any termination of the Terms by either you or us, you must promptly uninstall the App on all of your Devices and destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Service, all documentation, and all copies of such materials and documentation. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever: Intellectual Property, Disclaimer, Limitations of Liability, Indemnity, Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution, Entire Agreement and Severability. 14. Termination You may terminate these Terms at any time, provided that you cancel any further use of the Service as described herein above. If you violate these Terms, we reserve the right to terminate your use or access to the Service, including by means of terminating your account. We, however, may, in our sole discretion, terminate these Terms, your access to any part or all of the Service, or your account, at any time and for any reason, without penalty or liability to you or any third party. In the event of your breach of these Terms, these actions are in addition to and not in lieu or as limitation of any other right or remedy that may be available to us. Upon any termination of the Terms by either you or us, you must promptly uninstall the App on all of your Devices and destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Service, all documentation, and all copies of such materials and documentation. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever: Intellectual Property, Disclaimer, Limitations of Liability, Indemnity, Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution, Entire Agreement and Severability. 15. Choice of law and dispute resolution These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled by Panama national courts. 15. Choice of law and dispute resolution These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled by Panama national courts. 16. Entire agreement These Terms and Privacy Policy a constitute the entire agreement between you and us pertaining to the subject matter hereof (the “Agreement”). Anything contained in or delivered through the Service that is inconsistent with or conflicts with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement. These Terms may not be modified, in whole or in part, except as described elsewhere in these Terms. 16. Entire agreement These Terms and Privacy Policy a constitute the entire agreement between you and us pertaining to the subject matter hereof (the “Agreement”). Anything contained in or delivered through the Service that is inconsistent with or conflicts with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement. These Terms may not be modified, in whole or in part, except as described elsewhere in these Terms. 17. Severability If any of the provisions of these Terms are held to be not enforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be amended, limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 17. Severability If any of the provisions of these Terms are held to be not enforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be amended, limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 18. Assignability You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written and explicit consent. You agree that these Terms, Privacy Policy, and/or the Agreement between you and us in general may be assigned by us, in our sole discretion to any third party. 18. Assignability You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written and explicit consent. You agree that these Terms, Privacy Policy, and/or the Agreement between you and us in general may be assigned by us, in our sole discretion to any third party. 19. Contact us All notices to you relating to these Terms shall be notified to you either via the Service or via the email address that you provided to us. Please submit any notices to us with respect to the Service or these Terms via [email protected]. Last updated: February 17, 2025 19. Contact us All notices to you relating to these Terms shall be notified to you either via the Service or via the email address that you provided to us. Please submit any notices to us with respect to the Service or these Terms via [email protected]. Last updated: February 17, 2025 Best VPN deal 2-year plan with 80% off 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds Grab the Deal Best VPN deal 2-year plan with 80% off 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds • For 1 month plans a 14-day Money Back Guarantee. • For 6 months or greater subscriptions a 30-day Money Back Guarantee. • Apple In-App Purchases refunds can be claimed from Apple (https://expresslane.apple.com). • Payments made with any form of cryptocurrency may be refunded only in the same cryptocurrency. The transaction fee will be deducted from the refund amount. • In some specific cases, we will not be able to make a refund via the same payment system that the refunded purchase had been made. In those cases we will require additional information from our user, to define the acceptable payment system in order to make a full refund. • This Agreement is personal to you, is your obligation, and therefore, you may not assign your rights or obligations of this to anyone. • Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i.e., “spam") over the Service • Send, post, or transmit over the Service any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory; infringes on intellectual property rights; invades privacy; or incites violence • Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content • Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors or may be may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing or defamatory • Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service • Misrepresent yourself or act on behalf of others without authorization. • Transmit or store materials that contain software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs • Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of “hacking”) or use our Services for web crawling, scraping, harvesting, or any similar activities that could potentially hinder the experience of other users. • Attempt to access and use the Services if you have been denied access previously or if your account has been suspended or terminated for any reason. • Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VeePN in conjunction with the Service • Use the Services for any military purpose, including cyberwarfare, weapons development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons • Take any action that could potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. • Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes • Represent the Service as if it were provided by a third party, access it in large quantities, scrape data, redistribute or resell it, or make the Services accessible to any third party in any manner • A detailed explanation of why you believe the content or user behavior violates applicable laws or our Terms of Use. • Identification of any copyrighted work allegedly infringed, if applicable. • Clear indication of the exact electronic location of the content, such as URLs or screenshots, to aid in its identification. • Your contact information, including your full name, physical address, and email address. If applicable, provide information about your authorized representative. • A statement affirming your good-faith belief that the use of the content is not authorized by you, your authorized representative, or the law. • A statement affirming the accuracy of the information provided in the notice under penalty of perjury. • Your physical or electronic signature. • Any failure or interruption of the Site or Service; • Any act or omission of any Third Party involved in making the Site or Service or the data contained therein available to you; • Any other cause relating to your access or use, or inability to access or use, any portion of the Service or the Content; • Your interactions on the Site or Service; • Your failure to comply with this Terms; • The cost of procurement of substitute services; • Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of VeePN or of any vendor providing software, services, or support for the Site or Service. • The breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your Device or your user account credentials (password or login information); • Any other matter for which you are responsible under these Terms or under any applicable law.