It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! DoctolibGrade BPointsYou must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Google Analytics is used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service Usually it's related to the right to object to data processing or restrict it under the GDPR. Users may be able to refuse the use of their data for marketing purposes for instance. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users over 15 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) The court of law governing the terms is in France The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms and ConditionsCookie PolicyPrivacy policy - Update october 2020 DoctolibGrade B Doctolib PointsYou must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Google Analytics is used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service Usually it's related to the right to object to data processing or restrict it under the GDPR. Users may be able to refuse the use of their data for marketing purposes for instance. No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users over 15 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) The court of law governing the terms is in France The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms and ConditionsCookie PolicyPrivacy policy - Update october 2020 Points You must provide your identifiable information You must provide your identifiable information You must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Google Analytics is used for statistics Google Analytics is used for statistics Google Analytics is used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service Usually it's related to the right to object to data processing or restrict it under the GDPR. Users may be able to refuse the use of their data for marketing purposes for instance. No need to register No need to register No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service is only available to users over 15 years old This service is only available to users over 15 years old This service is only available to users over 15 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) The court of law governing the terms is in France The court of law governing the terms is in France The court of law governing the terms is in France The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • You must provide your identifiable information The Service requires users to provide their identifiable information, including phone number, iD number or other information, even though this data collection isn’t essential for the purposes of the service. They may still allow pseudonyms in the foreground. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • Google Analytics is used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service Usually it's related to the right to object to data processing or restrict it under the GDPR. Users may be able to refuse the use of their data for marketing purposes for instance. • No need to register This service can be used without providing a user profile. • You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. • A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service is only available to users over 15 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service. You must provide your legal name and pseudonyms aren't allowed, but it makes sense for the purposes of this service. • First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Third parties are involved in operating the service (including Amazon Web Services) • The court of law governing the terms is in France The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Terms and Conditions • Cookie Policy • Privacy policy - Update october 2020