It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! SimitlessGrade BPointsMany third parties are involved in operating the service Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The court of law governing the terms is in France. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsGENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND SALELegal notice, Privacy Policy and Copyright SimitlessGrade B Simitless PointsMany third parties are involved in operating the service Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The court of law governing the terms is in France. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. DocumentsGENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND SALELegal notice, Privacy Policy and Copyright Points Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. The court of law governing the terms is in France. The court of law governing the terms is in France. The court of law governing the terms is in France. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. Documents • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The cookies used by this service do not contain information that would personally identify you The cookies used only collect anonymous, aggregated data that cannot be linked to a unique identity. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. • Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. • You can retrieve an archive of your data Users can request a copy of the data collected through the services and infer from it the amount of personal information that is processed and stored by the Service. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. • Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 99% or more • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • The court of law governing the terms is in France. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the services. The legal guardians are responsible for the use of the service by the minor. • The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. • The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND SALE • Legal notice, Privacy Policy and Copyright