It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! MedscapeGrade DPointsThe service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The court of law governing the terms is in New York The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms of UseCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy MedscapeGrade D Medscape PointsThe service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The court of law governing the terms is in New York The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsTerms of UseCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy Points The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. This service throttles your use This service throttles your use This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. You can opt out of targeted advertising You can opt out of targeted advertising You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. The court of law governing the terms is in New York The court of law governing the terms is in New York The court of law governing the terms is in New York The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • This service tracks you on other websites The service may use tracking technologies in third-party websites to track your online activity while you aren't visiting their Site. • This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users. Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service If you wish to bring legal action against a service about a past incident, you may not be able to do so if the Terms you agreed to implied a limited amount of time. As a result it may be worthy to carefully read that section of the Terms to know exactly how much time you might have before your right to take legal action expires. • This service throttles your use The service may impose limits or restrictions to the use of the service, thus negatively impacting users experience. They may do so without reason or prior notice. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions • User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • You can opt out of targeted advertising The service employs your data to target ads to you, but you can opt-out of this interest-based advertising. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided This service makes no warranty regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information that is given on its website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the service. • This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location • The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes. The Terms may be updated without prior notice, but users will be notified of the changes at the moment they will start applying. • This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • The court of law governing the terms is in New York The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Terms of Use • Cookie Policy • Privacy Policy