Skip to main content Skip to search Skip to footer Products and Services Close Solutions Close Support Close Learn Close Partners Close Trials and demos How to buy Partners EN US Profile Log in Trials and demos Search MENU CLOSE How to buy Partners Profile Log in EN US Close Close Close Close Close Hello, how can I help? About Legal Notice: Effective February 5, 2024, Cisco's End User License Agreement (EULA) has been replaced with Cisco's General Terms. Cisco Customer Contract Experience Find the terms that apply to your use of Cisco Offers and Cisco Services. Understanding Cisco's contracts Cisco Offers When you purchase a Cisco Offer, one or more sets of terms will apply to you: General Terms, Supplemental Terms, and Offer Descriptions. See the tabs below to learn about the various types of contract terms.​ ​​General Terms​ Cisco's General Terms (PDF) are the base terms that apply to all Cisco hardware, software, cloud services, subscriptions, and technical support and maintenance included in a Cisco Offer. These General Terms replace Cisco's End User License Agreement (EULA). Supplemental Terms Supplemental Terms apply in certain countries (namely, Australia, Italy, and Japan), to specific types of Cisco Offers (e.g., hardware as a service), or for buying programs. Offer Descriptions Offer Descriptions apply to certain Cisco Offers, and they provide essential product-specific information such as unique use terms, support, and where to find data protection materials. Cisco Services and Buying Programs Cisco Services If you are purchasing a Cisco service that is not part of a Cisco subscription offering, visit our Service Descriptions page to learn more. See Service Descriptions Cisco Buying Programs Learn about our enterprisewide programs for software and cloud services. Explore Enterprise Agreements How to buy Cisco Offers and Cisco Services Please contact your Cisco partner to place orders or ask questions about Cisco Offers and Cisco Services. Learn about buying Related contract resources Trust Portal Visit the Trust Portal for information about how Cisco uses and secures data, including how we process personal data under the Data Protection Agreement, Privacy Data Sheets, and the Information Security Exhibit Data Protection Agreement Visit our Data Protection Agreement portal Warranties Information about the ​​warranties applicable to Cisco Offers ​Open source​ ​​Information about open source software used in Cisco Offers ​Cisco general export compliance ​​Information about export controls that relate to Cisco Offers and Cisco Services Cisco's Customer Experience Cloud (CX Cloud) and Partner Experience Cloud (CX Cloud) Terms of Use Terms associated with using Cisco's CX Cloud and PX Cloud ​Software License Transfer and Re-Use Policy Cisco's ​​transfer and re-use policy (PDF) for moving use rights in software to individuals or entities ​Software License Portability Policy Cisco's portability policy (PDF) for moving software licenses between your devices End-of-Life Policy Cisco's end-of-life policy for Cisco Offers Translations of General Terms The General Terms are available in the following languages in addition to English. French (Canada) (PDF) Chinese (Simplified) (PDF) Spanish (PDF) German (PDF) Italian (PDF) Chinese (Traditional) (PDF) Korean (PDF) Japanese (PDF) Portuguese (PDF) Older versions of Cisco terms For easy reference, we maintain an archive of previous versions of Cisco's contract terms. Visit archive Quick Links About CiscoContact UsCareersConnect with a partner Resources and Legal FeedbackHelpTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data AccessibilityTrademarksSupply Chain TransparencyNewsroomSitemap © Cisco Systems, Inc.