Placeholder For Consumer For Small Business For Enterprise Platform GravityZone Platform - Comprehensive Unified Security Endpoint Security Packages Small Business Security Buy Online Business Security Business Security Premium Business Security Enterprise Compare Packages Demo Zone NEW Free Trials View All Managed Service Providers Cloud MSP Security Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Extended Detection and Response Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Identity Threat Detection and Response (ITDR) Cloud Security Cloud Native Security Cloud Workload Security Security for Containers CSPM+ Risk Management & Compliance Risk Management Vulnerability and Patch Management Full Disk Encryption 360 Degree Security Security for Email Security for Mobile Advanced Threat Intelligence Services Managed Services Managed Detection and Response Managed Detection and Response PLUS Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Security Services Offensive Services Support Services Support Services Support Documentation Premium Support Professional Services Quick Links Demo Zone NEW MDR Insights MITRE Engenuity for MDR Gartner Market Guide for MDR Why Bitdefender The Bitdefender Difference AI-Powered Cybersecurity New Fighting Cybercrime New Customer Success Stories Industry Recognition and Awards Technology Alliances Certifications Bitdefender Labs and Research Solutions Cloud Native Security Enable Cyber Resilience Improve Cybersecurity Compliance Provide Managed Security Services Secure Cloud Workloads Secure Datacenters Secure Endpoints Secure Small to Medium Business Industries Education Energy and Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Technology Telecommunications Retail Compare Bitdefender vs. Crowdstrike vs. Huntress vs. Microsoft vs. SentinelOne vs. Sophos Resources Resources Demo Zone NEW Case Studies White Papers Webinars Industry Reports Events Research Reports Business Insights Blog 2024 Cybersecurity Assessment NEW 2024 Cybersecurity Predictions for AI 2024 Ransomware Trends Cyber Threat Landscape Review | Jan.2024 Introducing CSPM The essential role of CSPM InfoZone What is Ransomware? What is Phishing? What is Malware? What is Endpoint Security? What is EDR? What is XDR? What is MDR? TechZone GravityZone Platform Multi-layered Security Security Layers EDR, XDR, MDR Overview XDR Sensors About About the Business Solution Group Leadership Careers Newsroom View Packages and Pricing For Partners Company Blog Support How Can We Help Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Login Your Account Bitdefender Central GravityZone CLOUD Control Center MDR Portal Home Business Cybersecurity Compliance Reduce the risk of non-compliance As new regulations and directives are emerging, we help companies of all sizes achieve compliance, offering enhanced data protection, risk mitigation, efficient incident response and streamlined reporting processes. Watch On-Demand Webinar Overview Overview Become compliant We can help you with Resources Customer Stories Different industries require different sets of rules when it comes to compliance. Although demonstrating compliance is an ongoing and continuous process, we offer a comprehensive set of recommendations and tools to help you achieve cyber compliance. Our solutions encompass enhanced data protection, risk mitigation, efficient incident response, and streamlined reporting, ensuring that your organization meets the necessary standards. Discover See More Become Compliant Secure data & save time Stay focused and secure while we provide 24x7 monitoring and response to security threats while also offering easy access to detailed reporting and recommendations.​ Discover Reduce penalties You can effectively manage data loss, data theft, data breaches, and device security while adhering to regulations. Minimize the workload on IT staff and lower cybersecurity expenses while avoiding any penalties related to compliance. Discover Maintain reputation Improve your cybersecurity posture and avoid costly breaches that can result in reputational and financial damage. Follow a prerequisite set of rules and adopt the best cybersecurity solution according to your industry. Discover Find Your Data Security Solution Managed Detection and Response Service (MDR) Bitdefender MDR keeps your organization safe and compliant with 24x7 security monitoring, advanced attack prevention, detection and remediation, plus targeted and risk-based threat hunting by a certified team of security experts. Learn More GravityZone Full Disk Encryption (FDE) GravityZone Full Disk Encryption is a native, proven, encryption module that can be added on to any of Bitdefender’s endpoint security solutions to keep your business data secure and reduce the risk of data loss or theft. Fully encrypt each endpoint’s hard drive and reduce the risk of accidental data loss or theft to achieve regulatory compliance. Learn More GravityZone XDR - XDR security solution XDR natively detects attacks across your entire organization, including physical and IoT devices, hybrid-, multi-cloud platforms, and cloud-native workloads and services. Protect your intellectual property using advanced threat protection, and attack containment through automatic and human-led guided response. Learn More We can help you with NIS2 HIPAA PCI DSS NIS2 - Network and Information Security (NIS) Directive The NIS2 is an EU-wide piece of legislation on cybersecurity and is an expanded form of the original NIS Directive. NIS2 is a new cybersecurity directive aiming to establish: baseline incident reporting, cybersecurity risk management, supply chain risk management Discover more: What is NIS2? Get compliant HIPAA- The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Bitdefender is Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) certified. HIPAA requirements are designed to help support the confidentiality and integrity of electronically protected health information (ePHI), reduce healthcare fraud and abuse, and mandate industry-wide standards for healthcare information on electronic billing and other processes. Discover more Get compliant PCI DSS - The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) PCIDSS has served as the de facto standard for protecting cardholder data across the world since its implementation in 2004. The standards were developed by the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC), a global forum that brings together payment industry stakeholders to develop and drive the adoption of data security standards and resources for safe payments worldwide. Discover more Ger compliant Industry Recognition Bitdefender is recognized by industry analyst firms and independent testing organizations. View all “The Bitdefender MDR team has been responsive, knowledgeable, and successful at protecting our valuable data. Our number one priority is providing top patient care and Bitdefender has been successful in supporting that at every turn." Mostafa Mabrouk, Corporate Information Security Manager Magrabi Hospitals and Centers Read More “Bitdefender MDR assures me that someone is watching our entire network in realtime, including when my staff and I are not in the office. As we’ve shifted to teleworking with COVID-19, we’re able to protect our information assets regardless of where employees are logging in from. MDR is an extension of my team to support the mission of the Archdiocese.” IT Director for an Archdiocese Read More Whitepaper HIPAA Whitepaper Read More Read More Whitepaper PCI DSS Whitepaper Read More Read More Blog 4 Key Industries Read More Read More Blog What is NIS2? Read More Become a more cyber resilient business today We’re here to help you choose the solution or service that’s right for your business Contact Us For Consumer For Small Business For Enterprise For Partners Company Follow Bitdefender Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram TikTok Quick Links Bitdefender Central Gravityzone Cloud Control Center Bitdefender Cyberpedia Partner Advantage Network Portal Brand Portal Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Investors Careers InfoZone Quick Links Bitdefender Central Gravityzone Cloud Control Center Bitdefender Cyberpedia Partner Advantage Network Portal Brand Portal Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Investors Careers InfoZone Choose Your Country Australia - English België - Nederlands Belgique - Français Belice - Español Belize - English Brasil - Português Bulgaria - English Canada - English Chile - Español Colombia - Español Czechia - English Denmark - English Deutschland - Deutsch España - Español France - Français Hong Kong - China Hungary - English India - English Indonesia - English Israel - English Italia - Italiano Jamaica - English Latvia - English Malaysia - English Malta - English México - Español Nederland - Nederlands New Zealand - English Norway - English Österreich - Deutsch Perú - Español Philippines - English Poland - English Portugal - Português România - Română Saudi Arabia - English Schweiz - Deutsch Singapore - English South Africa - English South Korea - English Sudan - English Sverige - Svenska Taiwan - 台灣 Thailand - English United Arab Emirates - English United Kingdom - English United States - English 日本 - 日本語 Follow Bitdefender Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram TikTok Trusted. Always. Legal Information Privacy Policy Site Map Contact Us Privacy Settings Copyright © 1997 - 2025 Bitdefender