Placeholder For Consumer All-in-one plans All-in-One Plans Ultimate Security Premium Security Total Security Ultimate Small Business Security Security for Creators View All Device Security Internet Security Antivirus Plus Antivirus for Mac Mobile Security for Android Mobile Security for iOS Family Pack Small Office Security View All Try Bitdefender Scamio - Scam Detector AI Powered Link Checker NEW Antivirus Free Antivirus Free for Android Trial Downloads View All Existing Customers Renew Support Quick Links Join Our Community Smart Home Cybersecurity Cyberpedia Privacy & Identity Protection Privacy Premium VPN SecurePass Identity Protection Digital Identity Protection Identity Theft Protection For Small Business For Enterprise Platform GravityZone Platform - Comprehensive Unified Security Endpoint Security Packages Small Business Security Buy Online Business Security Business Security Premium Business Security Enterprise Compare Packages Demo Zone NEW Free Trials View All Managed Service Providers Cloud MSP Security Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Extended Detection and Response Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Identity Threat Detection and Response (ITDR) Cloud Security Cloud Native Security Cloud Workload Security Security for Containers CSPM+ Risk Management & Compliance Risk Management Vulnerability and Patch Management Full Disk Encryption 360 Degree Security Security for Email Security for Mobile Advanced Threat Intelligence Services Managed Services Managed Detection and Response Managed Detection and Response PLUS Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Security Services Offensive Services Support Services Support Services Support Documentation Premium Support Professional Services Quick Links Demo Zone NEW MDR Insights MITRE Engenuity for MDR Gartner Market Guide for MDR Why Bitdefender The Bitdefender Difference AI-Powered Cybersecurity New Fighting Cybercrime New Customer Success Stories Industry Recognition and Awards Technology Alliances Certifications Bitdefender Labs and Research Solutions Cloud Native Security Enable Cyber Resilience Improve Cybersecurity Compliance Provide Managed Security Services Secure Cloud Workloads Secure Datacenters Secure Endpoints Secure Small to Medium Business Industries Education Energy and Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Technology Telecommunications Retail Compare Bitdefender vs. Crowdstrike vs. Huntress vs. Microsoft vs. SentinelOne vs. Sophos Resources Resources Demo Zone NEW Case Studies White Papers Webinars Industry Reports Events Research Reports Business Insights Blog 2024 Cybersecurity Assessment NEW 2024 Cybersecurity Predictions for AI 2024 Ransomware Trends Cyber Threat Landscape Review | Jan.2024 Introducing CSPM The essential role of CSPM InfoZone What is Ransomware? What is Phishing? What is Malware? What is Endpoint Security? What is EDR? What is XDR? What is MDR? TechZone GravityZone Platform Multi-layered Security Security Layers EDR, XDR, MDR Overview XDR Sensors About About the Business Solution Group Leadership Careers Newsroom View Packages and Pricing For Partners Reseller Partners Our network Reselling Partner Program Overview Become a Reseller Quick Links Log in to the Business Solutions Partners portal Log in to the Consumer / VSB Solutions Partners portal Find a Reseller Already a Partner? Join our Affiliates Program View All Managed Service Providers Our Network MSP Partner Program Overview Become a MSP Partner Quick Links Log In To PAN Portal Find a MSP Partner Already a Partner? Technology Licensing Technology Licensing Portfolio OEM Technology Solutions Endpoint Protection SDKs Gateway Protection SDKs Sandbox Services Reputation Threat Intelligence View All Licensing Options SDK Integration Rebranding Bundling Quick Links Contact Us Telco Partners Resources Center Subscriber Protection Platform Resources Technology Partners Technology Alliances Technology Alliance Partner Program Company About Us Overview Management Customers Awards Certifications Careers View All Latest News Newsroom Blogs Bitdefender Cyberpedia Resources Research White Papers Industry Reports Threat Maps View All Brand Why Trusted The Bitdefender Difference Ferrari Partnership Cybersecurity Partner of Ferrari Brand Portal Blog Support How Can We Help Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Login Your Account Bitdefender Central GravityZone CLOUD Control Center MDR Portal Privacy Policy for Bitdefender websites Version 4.1, adopted on 12.01.2025 The document explains the personal data we collect, how and where we may use it, how we protect it, who has access to it, with whom we share it, and how you may correct it. This privacy policy applies to the personal data collected by all websites or Internet accounts managed by Bitdefender. If you use our products and services, check our specific privacy policies if you use Home or Business solutions. This Bitdefender Privacy policy applies globally and explains the personal data we process, how and where we may use it, how we protect it, who has access to it, with whom we share it, and how to exercise your privacy rights. This privacy policy also complies with the applicable data protection legislation, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR – Regulation 2016/679), as well as other data protection requirements in any of the jurisdictions where Bitdefender operates. 1. General information S.C. BITDEFENDER S.R.L. (hereafter mentioned as Bitdefender), with its official headquarters in 15A Sos. Orhideelor, Orhideea Towers Building, 10-12 floors, 6th District, Bucharest, Romania, registered in the Bucharest Trade Register with number J40/20427/2005, fiscal code RO18189442, e-mail privacy@bitdefender.com processes personal data in agreement with the European legislation on data protection (GDPR – Regulation EU 2016/679). Our Data Protection Officer can be found at the following contacts: Bitdefender’s Data Protection Office – dpo@bitdefender.com, Phone: 4021 -206.34.70 Bitdefender offers data security solutions and services. Our goal is to ensure information and network security by providing quality products and services in these areas while also respecting privacy and personal data of customers, Internet users and business partners. For this purpose, we collect only that personal data necessary for the specified purposes, on a best efforts basis. Personal data according to the European Union legislation definition (GDPR - Regulation 2016/679 means: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity; In this context, Bitdefender processes personal data for the following main purposes: - Website management and security;- Responding to your queries and comments;- Marketing for Bitdefender own needs;- Statistical analysis and market studies; 2. Personal data collected Bitdefender may collect personal information from its users in four different ways: - directly provided by a user; - indirectly provided by its websites, such as:- traffic data registered by the servers that host our websites;- cookies, that may share some personal information. 2.1. Personal data directly provided by a user – for example, when you complete a website form or submit a comment on our blog we might ask your name, surname and/or email address so we can contact you with updates, notices, or to provide support. All these data are being used for contacting you on your specific request or, if you subscribed for our newsletter or commercial communication, for marketing purposes. The legal basis for processing these data is consent of the data subject in receiving that respective information or subscribing to our newsletter. The duration of processing is until the respecting information and request is being sent, plus a period of 30 days to be sure that there are no more follow-ups needed. As regards your subscription to our newsletter or commercial communications, we will keep our communication going, until you withdraw your consent or you don’t engage with our email in the past 5 years. We may also send you follow-up messages if you have completed your data in order to buy our products or services, but you haven’t finalized the entire acquisition process. The legal basis of this data processing is art 6 (1) b of GDPR - taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. This data is kept for a maximum period of 30 days, unless you complete the acquisition process when data might be kept longer for purposes of performing the contract that you are a part of. In addition, when you contact Bitdefender for specific queries or comments, including Support Center, we may ask for a valid email address or a phone number to communicate with you in providing answers to your comment or query. We use this data to contact you, for contractual purposes, providing a specific user with a license to use our solutions, for solving a comment or query you addressed to us or for offering technical support. Some queries – such as using Bitdefender Link Checker - do not require providing any personal data in order to receive an answer. For example in this specific case of Bitdefender Link Checker, the verified URL is only processed for a few seconds just to answer your query and not stored afterwards. 2.2. Traffic data – when a user visits a website, it automatically reveals certain information, such as the IP address, date and time of the visit or the referral website that sent you to Bitdefender websites. Bitdefender, like any other website manager, may record this kind of information for a limited period of time. We also use other external services of traffic analysis, such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics. All these data are used exclusively for website improvement or statistical purposes, but also for improving our web services and ensuring their security. Most of these data is being used only as aggregated data. The data is kept only as long as they are necessary for these purposes. The legal basis for this collection is legitimate interest for Improving our website for the ensuring the security of your website. Duration of processing is 1 year from the date of the visit. 2.3. Cookies - In order to offer a customized experience to our users, Bitdefender may use cookies to facilitate storing and tracking your preferences. Cookies may also be used for website optimization or marketing. For example, we use first party cookies for identification or communication purposes, such remembering your language, communication sessions or setting, other details necessary for a correct functioning of our website. Sometimes we might use external Bitdefender services which may place third party cookies when navigating the Bitdefender websites, their purposes are for marketing, traffic analysis and social media sharing, as indicated in website. According to the applicable legislation in the European Union the storing of information or obtaining access to information stored in the user's terminal equipment can only be done after informing the user about the cookies used and the purposes of processing. Thus, when first visiting the website, you are informed about the placement of cookies, their purposes and storage duration and you are able to give your consent or refuse certain cookies, as the case may be, through our consent management application. You can view your consent or opt-out at any time by clicking on the link “Privacy Settings” on the bottom menu on every page in our website.Most browsers are configured to automatically accept cookies. However, you can decide to reinstall the browser or to set it up in order to notify you each time a cookie is placed or even to refuse cookies. If your browser is configured not to allow all cookies some sections of our website may not be correctly displayed. If you would like to refuse cookies, go to your browser settings in order to delete or block cookies or install plug-ins which have this function. The current settings depend on the browser that you use. The legal basis for this data collection is consent, which is being obtained the first time when you visit our website from a specific browser. Then you will also have the opportunity to opt-out to any cookies category that we may use as well as reading more information on what cookies we use and their purposes. If you opt-out, please note that we record your choice in a cookie, so if you delete all of your cookies, we will ask you again on our desired choice. 3. Protecting the Personal data As a leader in information security services, confidentiality and data protection are of vital importance for us. Access to the collected personal data is restricted only to Bitdefender employees and data processors that need access to this information. All Bitdefender information security policies are ISO 27001 certified. Bitdefender may use other companies to process the collected personal data. These companies are considered data processors and have strict contractual obligations to keep the confidentiality of the processed data and to offer at least the same level of security as Bitdefender. Data processors have the obligation not to allow third parties to process personal data on behalf of Bitdefender and to access, use and/or keep the data secure and confidential. Bitdefender may host personal data in the European Union or any other jurisdiction which offers adequate level of personal data protection according to European Union standards (art 45 GDPR) or other appropriate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses (art 46.2 GDPR). Due to confidentiality obligations and security requirements the specific information regarding the name and details for each processor used will be provided only to competent authorities. The following types of data processors are being used: - hosting services and web application firewall in EU and USA;- support channel communications in EU and USA;- marketing services (including email marketing) in EU and USA. Unfortunately, transferring data over the Internet cannot be 100% secure. Consequently, despite our efforts to protect personal data, Bitdefender cannot assure or guarantee the security of the information transmitted by the user until the information is on our servers. Any information you transmit is done on your own risk. 4. Who has access to personal data In principle, Bitdefender will not reveal any personal data about its users to third parties without the exceptions mentioned above. Exceptionally, Bitdefender may reveal personal data to competent authorities, upon their legal request according to the applicable laws or when this is necessary to protect the rights and interests of our clients and Bitdefender. 5. Your personal data rights According to European Union applicable data protection legislation, data subjects shall have the right to access to data, rectification, erasure, restriction on processing, objection to processing and right to data portability. In the case when processing is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. For exercising these rights or any other privacy rights that might be applicable according to your location, you may send a written request, dated and signed and send it to the above mentioned Bitdefender headquarters or via email to privacy@bitdefender.com. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority. 6. Publication date The privacy policy has been adopted on the date mentioned in the title of the document and will be modified each time is necessary without prior or future notice of the changes. The new version will enter into force when published on the website and it will be marked accordingly. The present document is available at https://www.bitdefender.com/site/view/legal-privacy-policy-for-bitdefender-websites.html. For Consumer For Small Business For Enterprise For Partners Company Follow Bitdefender Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram TikTok Quick Links Bitdefender Central Gravityzone Cloud Control Center Bitdefender Cyberpedia Partner Advantage Network Portal Brand Portal Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Investors Careers InfoZone Quick Links Bitdefender Central Gravityzone Cloud Control Center Bitdefender Cyberpedia Partner Advantage Network Portal Brand Portal Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Investors Careers InfoZone Choose Your Country Australia - English België - Nederlands Belgique - Français Belice - Español Belize - English Brasil - Português Bulgaria - English Canada - English Chile - Español Colombia - Español Czechia - English Denmark - English Deutschland - Deutsch España - Español France - Français Hong Kong - China Hungary - English India - English Indonesia - English Israel - English Italia - Italiano Jamaica - English Latvia - English Malaysia - English Malta - English México - Español Nederland - Nederlands New Zealand - English Norway - English Österreich - Deutsch Perú - Español Philippines - English Poland - English Portugal - Português România - Română Saudi Arabia - English Schweiz - Deutsch Singapore - English South Africa - English South Korea - English Sudan - English Sverige - Svenska Taiwan - 台灣 Thailand - English United Arab Emirates - English United Kingdom - English United States - English 日本 - 日本語 Follow Bitdefender Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram TikTok Trusted. Always. Legal Information Privacy Policy Site Map Contact Us Privacy Settings Copyright © 1997 - 2025 Bitdefender