It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! IVPNGrade CPointsUsers shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. This service has a no VPN logs policy Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The apps are open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsRefund PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceLegal Process Guidelines IVPNGrade C IVPN PointsUsers shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. This service has a no VPN logs policy Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The apps are open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). DocumentsRefund PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceLegal Process Guidelines Points Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. This service has a no VPN logs policy This service has a no VPN logs policy This service has a no VPN logs policy Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service The apps are open-source The apps are open-source The apps are open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. This service offers an anonymous payment method This service offers an anonymous payment method This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). Documents • Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • Third-party privacy-focused cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards The service has arrangements in place to ensure that users' personal information, if shared with an entity outside of the service's jurisdiction, is processed to the same standards that apply to the processing of personal data in the service's jurisdiction. • This service has a no VPN logs policy Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that only keep the strictly necessary logs on their servers and therefore protect your privacy. • Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service • The apps are open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • This service offers an anonymous payment method Some services allow payments via cryptocurrencies, so that users don’t need to reveal their identity to payment processors. • The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems The service does not allow any attempts at hacking or otherwise gaining unauthorized access to other users' computers. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • The court of law governing the terms is in Gibraltar The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • Refund Policy • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service • Legal Process Guidelines