 Intuit Credit Karma Help center Login Sign up for free About Credit Karma About Press Room Our Security Practices Our Partners Careers at Credit Karma Privacy Policy Terms of Service Purchase Order Terms & Conditions Supplier Programs User Content Rules Credit Builder Check Your Rate Platform Terms for Loans Pre-Qualification Platform Terms for Credit Cards Electronic Communications Consent Mortgage Broker Licenses Loan Broker Licenses Property, Casualty and Life Insurance Lines of Authority Contact Us Credit Karma Help Center: Need help? Visit: support.creditkarma.com User content rules We believe the combined knowledge and experience of everyone in the Credit Karma community can help our members make the most of their credit health. The guidelines and rules on this page are intended to maintain a positive experience for all of our members as they take advantage of our reviews, advice center and other user forums. Keep in mind that you are responsible for all User Content you create (as defined in our ) and Credit Karma’s user forums are intended to be open to the public, so please act accordingly. If you notice any violations of these User Content Rules, you may report such abuse by clicking on the flag buttons located throughout the Services. Terms of Use Do not misrepresent yourself, impersonate others, or otherwise submit User Content that is false, deceptive, inaccurate, or that is likely to mislead, deceive or confuse others. Don’t misrepresent yourself or impersonate others. You must own or have all necessary rights to post, submit or display your User Content (including photographs and video) and to grant us the license to use such User Content as described in our Terms of Use. We reserve the right to investigate and/or remove any User Content that we believe, in our sole discretion, may infringe someone’s copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights. Don’t infringe. Do not publish any person’s private or confidential information, such as addresses, phone numbers, credit card or other financial account numbers, or Social Security Numbers. No private information. Do not post User Content that threatens, abuses, harasses or bullies others. Your User Content may not disparage others on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, disability, marital status or age. No threatening or abusive behavior. Do not post User Content that depicts or promotes graphic or gratuitous violence, including violence to animals, that contains sexually explicit or pornographic material, or that includes obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable material. No violence, sexually explicit material or obscenity. You may not use any of our Services, including our User Forums, to promote or commit illegal acts or otherwise in furtherance of criminal activity. We reserve the right to take any action we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, including reporting to law enforcement, in response to User Content that may violate these Rules. No illegal activity. Don’t use our User Forums for spamming others, including posting unwanted commercial, advertisement or promotional materials. No spam. Your User Content may not contain viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, malware or other malicious technologies that could damage the operation of the Services or computers, networks, or other devices of Credit Karma or others. Further, you may not use User Content or the Services for phishing or similar scams. No viruses, malicious materials or phishing. In accordance with the , by using our Services, you agree to follow these rules with respect to User Content and your use of our various user forums. Please check back here for our latest rules, as we may need to change them from time to time and reserve our right to do so. Terms of Use Thanks for being part of the Credit Karma community. Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube TikTok Pinterest Scan the QR code to download the app Company Info About Credit Karma Careers In The News Engineering Blog Product Blog Supplier Programs Help Help Center How Credit Karma Works? Security Practices Editorial Guidelines Free Tax Filing with TurboTax Legal Privacy Policy CA Privacy Policy Terms of Service Data Preferences Notable Links Credit Card Insights 4 Best Quick Loans for Emergency Cash Best High – Limit Credit Cards 7 ways to find Cheap Car Insurance 7 Auto Loans for Bad Credit How to find a No Fee ATM Machine? Should I Refinance my Mortgage? How to get a Mortgage Preapproval? © 2007–2025 Credit Karma, LLC. Credit Karma® is a registered trademark of Credit Karma, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within Credit Karma are the property of their respective trademark holders. This site may be compensated through third party advertisers. Credit Karma Mortgage, Inc. NMLS ID# 1588622 | | Licenses NMLS Consumer Access Credit Karma Offers, Inc. NMLS ID# 1628077 | | Licenses NMLS Consumer Access Credit Karma Credit Builder (McBurberod Financial, Inc.) NMLS ID# 2057952 | | Licenses NMLS Consumer Access California loans arranged pursuant to Dep't of Business Oversight Finance Lenders License #60DBO-78868. Auto, homeowners, and renters insurance services offered through Karma Insurance Services, LLC (CA resident license #0172748). Only mortgage activity by Credit Karma Mortgage, Inc., dba Credit Karma is licensed by the State of New York. Credit Karma, LLC. and Credit Karma Offers, Inc. are not registered by the NYS Department of Financial Services. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. The Equifax logo is a registered trademark owned by Equifax in the United States and other countries. Credit Karma is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility guidelines. If you have specific questions about the accessibility of this site, or need assistance with using this site, contact us. Please call Member Support at 833-509-1992 or email legal@creditkarma.com 