It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Heaven HRGrade CPointsThis service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making The service promises not to use your personal data for automated decision-making, including profiling. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis Users know the date the privacy policy was last updated and can thus infer the next time it will be reviewed. This gives users more certainty about how long they can trust the current policy to apply. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itYour account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyYour IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsDatenschutzerklärung (Privacy Policy)AGB (Terms of Use) Heaven HRGrade C Heaven HR PointsThis service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making The service promises not to use your personal data for automated decision-making, including profiling. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis Users know the date the privacy policy was last updated and can thus infer the next time it will be reviewed. This gives users more certainty about how long they can trust the current policy to apply. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use itYour account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or companyYour IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsDatenschutzerklärung (Privacy Policy)AGB (Terms of Use) Points This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making The service promises not to use your personal data for automated decision-making, including profiling. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis Users know the date the privacy policy was last updated and can thus infer the next time it will be reviewed. This gives users more certainty about how long they can trust the current policy to apply. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation (through Facebook ads) Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • You are tracked via web beacons/tracking pixels Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or €1000 • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked after they leave the website The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. • The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Germany) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • A list of all cookies set by the website is provided The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. • Your personal data will not be used for an automated decision-making The service promises not to use your personal data for automated decision-making, including profiling. • The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis Users know the date the privacy policy was last updated and can thus infer the next time it will be reviewed. This gives users more certainty about how long they can trust the current policy to apply. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • Accessibility to this service is guaranteed at 98% • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • You must create an account to use this service You must provide the service with your information in order to use it • Your account can be suspended for several reasons • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties In this context third-parties refers to anyone including friends, family, or company • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Datenschutzerklärung (Privacy Policy) • AGB (Terms of Use)