It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! FaceAppGrade DPointsSpecific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. U. S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use FaceAppGrade D FaceApp PointsSpecific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. U. S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consentYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) DocumentsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use Points Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. U. S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes U. S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes U. S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. The service is only available in some countries approved by its government The service is only available in some countries approved by its government The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) Documents • Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • U.S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • You waive your right to a class action. The right to be represented in a class action (or representative action) exists in the US and some European countries. It allows people who have been similarly injured by the same accused to take legal action by a single lawsuit instead of individually. Some Terms of Service try to limit that right. By agreeing to them, you could waive (= renounce to) your right to a class action, which might reduce your chances to be successful in a case. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service Users are asked not to interfere with another person't enjoyment in using the service. However, this statement is very vague and open to interpretation by the service itself. • The service is only available in some countries approved by its government Countries under embargo or banned by the government of the country in question cannot use the service. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly User accounts can be terminated for having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly, meaning they cannot be terminated without a reason, but only for a limited number of reasons. Additionally, user accounts will not be deleted after a first infringement. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner The service may employ a broad copyright license over feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted, including the right to use them without restriction, compensation or obligation to the user, but they do not claim ownership on them. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified at least 30 days in advance. • Details are provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed Users agree not to publicly post personally identifiable information (name, postal address, contact information…) without the owner’s knowledge or consent • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content This service prohibits users from submitting content of a variety of types. This can include content that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, libelous, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or discriminatory in any other way. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users over a certain age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The posting of pornographic content is prohibited Users are not allowed to post any content of pornographic nature. This includes adult content, things that are sexually explicit, or obscene. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim If content that you own is copied or made accessible through the service in a way that constitutes an intellectual property right infringement, you can report it following the instructions given in the agreements. • Third parties are involved in operating the service (Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services) • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use