It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! WaterfoxGrade APointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is a subsidiary of System1 The service is a subsidiary of a certain company (called X in the title, to be replaced by the parent Company in each point's title). Company X’s Terms of Service may apply to the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsLegalPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service WaterfoxGrade A Waterfox PointsYou are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is a subsidiary of System1 The service is a subsidiary of a certain company (called X in the title, to be replaced by the parent Company in each point's title). Company X’s Terms of Service may apply to the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsLegalPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service Points You are not being tracked You are not being tracked You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. The service is open-source The service is open-source The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is a subsidiary of System1 This service is a subsidiary of System1 This service is a subsidiary of System1 The service is a subsidiary of a certain company (called X in the title, to be replaced by the parent Company in each point's title). Company X’s Terms of Service may apply to the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. Documents • You are not being tracked The document excerpt needs to include the words "[the service] does not track [users]" or "[the service] does not use any tracking technology". • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • Your personal data is used for limited purposes Your Personal Data is only used for the essential purposes of the Service, which are clearly defined on the Agreements. For instance, the Service won't abuse your data to deliver targeted advertisements to you or for marketing purposes. • IP addresses of website visitors are not tracked The Service disclaims that IP adresses from users are not collected (or anonymized) nor shared. • The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • Your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers are respected This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. • No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used There are no Google Analytics or other tracking codes embedded in the service. Any tracking is performed by the service itself. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is a subsidiary of System1 The service is a subsidiary of a certain company (called X in the title, to be replaced by the parent Company in each point's title). Company X’s Terms of Service may apply to the service. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • Legal • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service