Meower has shut down. FAQs Why is Meower shutting down? Please read the actual announcement It is with a heavy heart that I announce Meower will be ceasing operations indefinitely on December 1st, 12am, UTC. Remember when Meower started out on the Scratch forums about 4 and a half years ago? It really has been a crazy and memorable journey… But, all things must come to an end, and soon, Meower will be continuing that trend. There have been many factors over the past year that lead us to this decision. Primarily, our team members are unable to provide adequate time to Meower. Most of us are teenagers, we have other things going on in our lives, and we really don’t have the resources to handle a social media platform. Addressing the illicit content being sent on Meower, I’m not gonna lie, it’s the reason why I’m choosing to step away now and not later. Our team of volunteer moderators should not have to review such disgusting content. Shutting down Meower will mean they will never have to review such content on Meower ever again. I will also be departing from the team. The reason Meower will be ceasing operations instead of just me leaving is because Meower has many, many problems the team needs time to address, Meower doesn’t have any other (active) backend developers to continue maintaining the site, and half of Meower’s infrastructure is ran by me, with the other half ran by @ethernet. @ethernet has said they will be leaving with me. I am really sorry to all of the team members, client developers, bot developers, and everyone in our community that it has come down to this. I wish you all the best, and I hope you find somewhere else to continue hanging out! P. S. Meower may come back in the future. Eris and DaCatBlock are co-owners of the project, and they will have the final say once I leave. If Meower does come back, I hope it has the same morals with regards to user privacy and FOSS. -Tnix Who decided to shut down Meower? Many team members, including Tnix and Ethernet (as mentioned in the announcement), decided to leave the team before the shutdown was decided on. What will happen to my data? All Meower data has been securely deleted as of February 23rd, 2025. Can I continue using Meower? No, you can't continue using Meower as a platform. What if I self-host? We can't stop you from self-hosting, however we really don't recomend doing so, especially since much better open-source alternatives do exist. Additionally, we won't provide support for the code beyond what we can in our free time. Will there be a Meower 2? No, we are not continuing the Meower project. Where should I go? If you're looking for another FOSS platform, try taking a look at Matrix or Revolt. • FAQs • Contact us