This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.
Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.
DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICESIf you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:NetworkWebsitediscovery+discovery+ Visitor AgreementGolf DigestGolf Digest Visitor AgreementMotor TrendMotor Trend Group Terms of UseMagnoliaMagnolia Terms of ServiceOWNOWN Terms of UseThis Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.
The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.
If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andYour name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
USER-GENERATED VIDEOIn submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.
DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.
Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.
Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGSDiscovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; orViolates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.
Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.
Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
USE OF MATERIALSWith the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.
The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.
APPLE DISCLAIMERThe following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.
We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
LINKINGWe welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.
NO SOLICITINGYou agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.
NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMINGFrom time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.
NO FRAMINGWithout the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.
TRADEMARKSWe do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONThe Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.
AGE RESTRICTIONYou must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITYTo obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONWe endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.
(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.
After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).
Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.
(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.
You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.
Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.
(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.
(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.
(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.
(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OROption Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.
You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.
(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.
CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEThese Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMSSubject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITYWe work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.
THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.
INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONSDiscovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
CHOICE OF LAWThis Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).
CHOICE OF FORUMBy using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.
SEVERABILITYIn the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.
USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COMThe information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.
ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENTThe Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!
RECIPESAs part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
SURVIVALAny provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Last updated January 2023.



This Visitor Agreement applies to the family of informational, educational and entertainment-oriented websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Discovery”).
Please read this Visitor Agreement; by using the applicable website or application, you accept its terms.



Please read this Visitor Agreement carefully.
It contains important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial.
Please take a few minutes to review the section here.



DISCOVERY DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DIGITAL SERVICES



If you use one of the Discovery digital services offered by the websites or applications of the Discovery brands listed below, separate terms and conditions will apply as posted within the corresponding link and on the applicable website or application:



This Visitor Agreement applies to all of the websites and applications where it is posted.
Those websites and applications are referred to collectively in this Visitor Agreement as the “Discovery Sites.
” Additional terms and conditions may apply to some services offered on the Discovery Sites.
Such terms and conditions may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered.
For example, policies governing purchases through DiscoveryStore.
com can be found at the bottom of each DiscoveryStore.
com page.



The Web is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this Visitor Agreement from time to time.
By continuing to use any of the Discovery Sites after we post any such changes, you accept this Visitor Agreement, as modified.
We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue the Discovery Sites, or any portion of the Discovery Sites, at any time.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Notice.



If you disagree with any material you find on the Discovery Sites, we recommend that you respond by noting your disagreement in an appropriate site forum where there is one.
We also invite you to bring to our attention any material you believe to be factually inaccurate by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or by contacting Fan Relations at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.



The material that appears on the Discovery Sites is for informational and entertainment purposes only.
Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time.
Before you act on information you’ve found on the Discovery Sites, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision.
Discovery and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link.
A link to another website does not constitute an endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site) by Discovery or its licensors.



NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT



Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Discovery’s Designated Agent.
The Name and Address of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: Leah Montesano, Legal Affairs, Discovery Communications, LLC, 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.
662.
0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.
com (e-mail).



To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:



We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records.
If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:



USER-GENERATED VIDEO



In submitting user-generated video to the Discovery Sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions: For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you grant Discovery Communications, LLC (“Discovery”), Discovery’s joint venture partners, vendors, production companies, and programming and content distributors, and the parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns of all of the foregoing (collectively, the “DCL Parties”) a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to make use of and distribute your user-generated video submitted hereunder, as well your name, voice, likeness and appearance therein (if any) and the personally identifying information you provide on or in connection therewith (collectively, the “Video Submission”), as further described below.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to share in any revenue that the DCL Parties may or may not earn or generate through their use of your Video Submission.



DCL Parties’ Right to Use Your Video Submission.
You grant the DCL Parties the non-exclusive right to edit in any manner, and to use and distribute and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission, or any portions, reproductions or versions thereof, on the websites, products and/or services (in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services) of the DCL Parties, an unlimited number of times, in perpetuity, throughout the world, with or without charge or cost to end-users or other third parties.
You also grant the DCL Parties the right to use and distribute, and license others to use and distribute, your Video Submission in the promotion of such websites, products and/or services, to the same extent permitted for use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder.



Clearance of Your Video Submission for the DCL Parties’ Use.
You represent and warrant that your Video Submission is your original work and that you have secured any and all rights, releases and permissions necessary for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission hereunder, including without limitation those related to any people, places, music, performances of dance or music, video, photographs and/or graphics in your Video Submission (collectively, the “Elements”).
You represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, no further permissions or fees are due for the DCL Parties’ use and distribution of your Video Submission or any Elements therein.
You further represent and warrant that any statements made by you or others in the Video Submission are true to the best of your knowledge and that neither they, nor any Element of your Video Submission, will violate any law or regulation or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party.



Waiver of Right of Approval.
You hereby waive any right of inspection or approval of your Video Submission as used and distributed by the DCL Parties, including without limitation any approval of your appearance and/or use of your name therewith or the uses to which either may be put.



Release and Waiver; Indemnification.
You acknowledge that the DCL Parties will rely on the foregoing terms and conditions potentially at substantial cost to them, and you hereby waive the right to assert any claim of any nature whatsoever against any party relating to the exercise of the rights and permissions granted hereunder.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the DCI Parties from any and all claims arising from their use and distribution of your Video Submission as permitted herein.



COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS



Discovery wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas through the Discovery Sites.
But we cannot and do not review every posting made on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs, and other public posting areas.
You can expect these areas to include content, information, and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than Discovery.
We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or “expert” guest, or from a member of our staff.
There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Responsibility for what is posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or in chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas on the Discovery Sites lies with each user – you alone are responsible for material you post.
Discovery does not control the messages, information or other content that you or others may provide through the Discovery Sites.
You may use the Discovery Sites for lawful purposes only.



By using the Discovery Sites, you agree not to submit, post or transmit through the Discovery Sites any material or otherwise engage in any conduct that:



Although Discovery cannot monitor all content on Discovery’s community and social media sites, or postings in the chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, you understand that Discovery shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Discovery Sites to determine compliance with this Visitor Agreement and any other operating rules that may be established by Discovery from time to time.
Discovery shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to edit, move, delete, or refuse to post any material, including but not limited to Video Submissions, submitted to or posted on the Discovery Sites for any reason, including violation of this Visitor’s Agreement, whether for legal or other reasons, or because the material is objectionable or stale.
Notwithstanding this right of ours, users shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages and Video Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that neither Discovery nor any of its affiliates shall assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by Discovery with respect to any conduct within the Discovery Sites or any communication or posting on the Discovery Sites.
Discovery also reserves the right to disclose any information that Discovery believes necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part.



Discovery requires you not to use the Discovery Sites to violate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
By posting or submitting any material (including, without limitation, photographs and videos) to the Discovery Sites, you are warranting and representing that you own or have the right to post or make such submission of the material, or are making your submission or posting with the express consent of the owner, and that no other party has any right, claim, or interest in the material that you have submitted or posted.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
Submitting or posting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Visitor Agreement, but may also subject you to legal liability for infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.



USE OF MATERIALS



With the exception of any and all Video Submissions (Discovery’s permitted use of which is discussed above) and any material posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, all other material you submit to any of our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas, whether text or images, becomes the property of Discovery and may be reproduced, modified and distributed as we see fit, in any medium, for any purpose and in perpetuity.
Further, you understand that by posting material on Discovery’s community and social media sites, you are granting to Discovery, and to anyone authorized by Discovery, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to display, use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform such materials posted on Discovery’s community and social media sites, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
The foregoing grant shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Also, in connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Discovery, and anyone authorized by Discovery, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as Discovery deems appropriate.
Please also note the last paragraph in the “COMMUNITY AND SOCIAL MEDIA SITES, CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND BLOGS” section above.
See terms and conditions that govern the submission of user-generated video to the Discovery Sites.



The materials available through the Discovery Sites are the property of Discovery or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through the Discovery Sites.
But you may not otherwise reproduce any of the materials without the prior written consent of the owner.
You may not distribute copies of materials found on the Discovery Sites in any form (including by e-mail or other electronic means), without prior written permission from the owner.
Of course, you are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on the Discovery Sites and to tell them how to find it.



APPLE DISCLAIMER



The following paragraph applies to any version of Discovery Sites or related services that you acquire from the Apple App Store.
This Visitor Agreement is entered into between You and Discovery.
Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) is not a party to this Visitor Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to Discovery Sites.
Discovery, not Apple, is solely responsible for Discovery Sites and the content thereof as set forth hereunder.
However, Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
Upon Your acceptance of this Visitor Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.
S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.
S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.
S Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
This Visitor Agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement published by Apple, for purposes of which, You are “the end-user.
” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Visitor Agreement, the terms of this Visitor Agreement shall control.



We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.



LINKING



We welcome links to the Discovery Sites.
You are usually free to establish a hypertext link to any of the Discovery Sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by any of the Discovery Sites or by Discovery.
However, you should check the copyright notice on the page to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on the Discovery Sites.



NO SOLICITING



You agree not to use the Discovery Sites to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.



NO SPAMMING OR SPIMMING



From time to time, users post their e-mail addresses in our chat rooms, forums, blogs and other public posting areas.
You may not gather these e-mail addresses for commercial or illegal purposes, such as sending unsolicited or unrequested e-mail or instant messages.



NO FRAMING



Without the prior written permission of Discovery, you may not frame, or make it appear that a third-party site is presenting or endorsing, any of the content of the Discovery Sites, or incorporate any intellectual property of the Discovery Sites, Discovery or any of their licensors into another website or other service.



TRADEMARKS



We do not want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by Discovery and which are not.
You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on the Discovery Sites without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.



ACCURACY OF INFORMATION



The Discovery staff works hard to ensure that information we post to the Discovery Sites is both timely and accurate.
But the news changes over time and reports that were accurate when posted may quickly become old news.
Though we may post follow-up reports, and may continue to provide access to the original report, as in an archive of news stories, for example, we do not go back and change the original report to reflect new developments.
If you are looking for the most recent information on a given subject, and not the history of how the story unfolded, be sure you’re not looking at an out-of-date report.



AGE RESTRICTION



You must be at least 13 years old to register on the Discovery Sites.
By registering on the Discovery Sites, you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.



USER ACCOUNTS AND SECURITY



To obtain access to certain services on the Discovery Sites, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Discovery Sites.
As part of any such registration process, you will select a user name and a password.
You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete.
You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a user name of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a user name of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a user name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a user name that Discovery considers to be offensive.
Discovery reserves the right to reject or terminate any user name or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive.
You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify Discovery of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.
Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used.
If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify Discovery immediately.
Discovery reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, user names of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests.
Please inform Discovery if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our representatives at (240) 662-8909 or filling out the form at https://discovery.
csharmony.
epsilon.
com/Account/Login?
b=CORPORATE.
Click here to view ourPrivacy Notice.



DISPUTE RESOLUTION



We endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible.
Please contact Discovery at https://corporate-discovery.
zendesk.
com/hc/en-us.
In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and Discovery are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court.



ARBITRATION AGREEMENT



(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Discovery and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners).
This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted.
It includes, but is not limited to:



• claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory;



• claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);



• claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury;



• claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and



• claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.



References to “Discovery,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros.
Discovery, Inc.
and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.
You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.



(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome.
Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
A Notice from you to Discovery must be emailed to notice@wbd.
com (“Notice Address”).
Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Sites, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with any of the Sites; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice.
The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.



After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement).
You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented).
You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution.
If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).



Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement.
All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and Discovery have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally.
If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration.
In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures.
If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed.
Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.



(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM.
(If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.
S.
C.
§5.
) The NAM Rules are available online at www.
NAMADR.
org, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address.
You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.
namadr.
com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.
18.
19.
pdf or by contacting NAM.



You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration.
The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).



All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and Discovery), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.



Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a Discovery representative will be required to attend in person.
At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and Discovery and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party.
An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.



As in court, you and Discovery agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose.
The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.



Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).



(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law.
If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith.
You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees.



(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law.
(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and Discovery, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted.
The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim.
If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees.
If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing.



(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding.
If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
You agree that any arbitrations between you and Discovery will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with Discovery, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.



(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if Discovery makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the relevant Site.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement.
This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.



(9) Mass Filing:If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available athttps://www.
namadr.
com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply.
The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing.
The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed.
Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.



Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.



Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and Discovery shall pay the mediator’s fee.



Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Discovery shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.



If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:Option One: You and Discovery may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement.
You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending Discovery an email to notice@wbd.
com.
Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf.
It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3.
Discovery may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period.
Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.



OR



Option Two: If neither you nor Discovery elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below.
Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process.
If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations.
Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters.
Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.



A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees.
If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.



You and Discovery agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us.
You and Discovery acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed.
The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases.



(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible.
The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein.



CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERYou and Discovery agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
This means that you and Discovery may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.
This also means that you and Discovery may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or Discovery may participate in a class-wide settlement.



To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Discovery waive any right to a jury trial.



GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE



These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.



TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMS



Subject to the dispute resolution clause and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the service or your use of the service and/or Discovery Sites, these Terms of Use, or the relationship between us, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events.
A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period.
If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).



DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY



We work hard to make the Discovery Sites interesting and enjoyable places, but we cannot guarantee that our users will always find everything to their liking.
Please read this Disclaimer carefully before using any of the Discovery Sites.



YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOU RELY ON ANY DISCOVERY SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES.



THE DISCOVERY SITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY SITES, NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC OR THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF THE DISCOVERY SITES, DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC AND THEIR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE DISCOVERY SITES WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, LLC FOR THE USE OF THE DISCOVERY SITES.



INDEMNITY



You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Discovery Communications, LLC, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from any violation of this Visitor Agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing any Discovery Site using your account.



GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONS



Discovery is based in the state of New York in the United States.
Discovery makes no claims that the sites or any of the content on the sites is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
Access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.



CHOICE OF LAW



This Agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.



The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce.
Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.
S.
C.
§§ 1-16).



CHOICE OF FORUM



By using the Discovery Sites, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute not subject to the arbitration provision discussed above shall be the state and federal courts located in New York.



SEVERABILITY



In the event that any portion of this Visitor Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other portion of this Visitor Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid or unenforceable portion were not part of the Visitor Agreement.



USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION FROM DISCOVERYLIFE.
COM



The information that appears on DiscoveryLife.
com is presented in summary form only and is intended to provide general consumer understanding of health care topics.
The information should not be used in place of a visit, call or consultation with a physician or other health care provider.
DiscoveryLife.
com does not recommend the self-management of health or medical problems, nor does DiscoveryLife.
com promote or recommend any particular form of medical or alternative treatment.
People using information accessed through DiscoveryLife.
com should also research original sources of authority, including with your physician or other health care provider.
Information obtained by using DiscoveryLife.
com is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Should you have any health care-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other health care provider.
You should never disregard medical advice – or delay in seeking it – because of something you have read on DiscoveryLife.
com.
You should always seek prompt medical care for any specific health issue and consult a physician before starting a fitness regimen.



ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTENT



The Discovery Sites include certain content owned by the Associated Press.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this Visitor Agreement, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Visitor Agreement and may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.



By using the Discovery Sites, you agree to abide by the terms of this Visitor Agreement.
We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Sites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Thanks for making the Discovery Sites part of your discoveries online!



RECIPES



As part of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com, Discovery will offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and Discovery may allow recipe submissions by various sources, including users of Food Network Kitchen and FoodNetwork.
com.
Discovery in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity.
As such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions.
Recipes taken from Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com and prepared are done so “at your own risk”.
Discovery is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.
You must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on Food Network Kitchen or FoodNetwork.
com.



SURVIVAL



Any provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.



IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOREGOING TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.



Last updated January 2023.



• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
• A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

• Your physical or electronic signature;
• Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
• A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
• Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.

• Violates or infringes the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights;
• Allows you to gain unauthorized access to the Discovery Sites, or any account, computer system, or network connected to the Discovery Sites, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;
• Is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortuous, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts;
• Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
• Collects for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Discovery Sites.
• Impersonates any person, business or entity, including Discovery and its employees and agents, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person, business or entity, including Discovery;
• Contains an advertisement or solicitation or encourages others to make a donation;
• Contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of a computer or computer network;
• Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability or that otherwise encourages others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any other person;
• Results in the posting or transmission of any message anonymously or under a false name;
• Permits any person to access, using your account, any features of the Discovery Sites that may require registration;
• Results in a single message being posted to more than five areas of any Discovery Site or results in any message being posted to any area of the Discovery Sites if that message is, in our view, off-topic or in violation of this Visitor Agreement; or
• Violates this Visitor Agreement, guidelines or any policy posted on the Discovery Sites, or interferes with the use of the Discovery Sites by others.

