It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! BriarGrade APointsFeatures of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyGovernanceCopyright BriarGrade A Briar PointsFeatures of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. DocumentsPrivacy PolicyGovernanceCopyright Points Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. The service is open-source The service is open-source The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. Documents • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • Logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • You can access most of the pages on the service's website without revealing any personal information The service does not require users to reveal personal information for most of its website. However, it may still collect anonymous logs. • User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. • The service is open-source The code of the software is open-source and the users can have access to the source code. • Information is provided about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • Privacy Policy • Governance • Copyright