It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! InstabridgeGrade DPointsApp required for this service requires broad device permissions The app of the service requires more device permissions than necessary. As a consequence it can compromise your privacy by accessing many functions and information from your device, such as precise location, contacts, device identifiers etc. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Third parties are involved in operating the service Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie Policy InstabridgeGrade D Instabridge PointsApp required for this service requires broad device permissions The app of the service requires more device permissions than necessary. As a consequence it can compromise your privacy by accessing many functions and information from your device, such as precise location, contacts, device identifiers etc. Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Third parties are involved in operating the service Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location DocumentsTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie Policy Points App required for this service requires broad device permissions App required for this service requires broad device permissions App required for this service requires broad device permissions The app of the service requires more device permissions than necessary. As a consequence it can compromise your privacy by accessing many functions and information from your device, such as precise location, contacts, device identifiers etc. Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons Your account can be suspended for several reasons This service is only available to users over 13 years of age This service is only available to users over 13 years of age This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Third parties are involved in operating the service Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Documents • App required for this service requires broad device permissions The app of the service requires more device permissions than necessary. As a consequence it can compromise your privacy by accessing many functions and information from your device, such as precise location, contacts, device identifiers etc. • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties nonessential to the service’s operation. This could be a business partner that receives your data to provide targeted advertisements. • Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information • Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes Binding Arbitration is a dispute resolution method involving a neutral third party which will render a decision instead of going to court. Since the arbitrator can decide the outgoing of a dispute without evidences or a legal basis, it is preferable that users decide whether they want or not their dispute to be resolved this way. • Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition If the service gets acquired or needs to transfer personal data after a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of the services, the data will still be processed in a manner that honours the promises made in the agreements. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (Sweden) The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • When the service wants to change its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • They may stop providing the service at any time They may discontinue the services without prior notice, at any time, for any or no reason. They usually assume no liability for losses and damages resulting from this suspension. • This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially. Users can't use the Service for commercial purposes (unless the Service consents): it is only for personal, individual purposes. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Your account can be suspended for several reasons • This service is only available to users over 13 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Third parties are involved in operating the service • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy