Field Researcher Alpha Privacy Policy Last updated: 09/05/2023 Effective date: 10/05/2023 Thank you for using Field Researcher Alpha! We are committed to protecting your privacy and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. Field Researcher Alpha is the official Tickets-Plus repository's public instance. Information We Collect: How We Use Your Information: Cache: The bot automatically caches information from the Discord API gateway to facilitate functionality. The cache is automatically cleared when the bot is restarted and is not stored long-term. Third-Party Links: Our privacy policy does not apply to third-party links or services provided by other companies or individuals. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third-party links or services you use or access Changes to Our Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to modify or update our privacy policy at any time. Changes will be posted on the official Tickets-Plus repository and the updated date will be indicated at the top of the policy Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at tos. tickets-plus at techttgames. dev Additionally, should you wish to export your data or delete any information, please contact us using the above email. © 2023-present Tickets+ Contributors. All rights reserved. • Guild settings provided by the administrators, including guild_id and configuration information. • Ticket information, including channel_id, guild_id, user_id (of the creator if provided by Integration), date_created, last_response, and ticket-specific settings and internal values. • Tags – short, formatted snippets of text, associated with a 'key', and with optional embed parameters. • Member information, including guild_id, user_id and what status the member has in the guild and for how long. • User information, including user_id and whether the user is an owner. • We use the information we collect to facilitate the bot's functionality and provide support to our users. • We do not store any personally identifiable information, as per Discord's classification of User IDs not being PIIs.