It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! GeeksforGeeksGrade DPointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. Many third parties are involved in operating the service You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy GeeksforGeeksGrade D GeeksforGeeks PointsLogs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. Many third parties are involved in operating the service You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. DocumentsCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy Points Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. Information is gathered about you through third parties Information is gathered about you through third parties Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels. . . ) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service Many third parties are involved in operating the service You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. Your personal information is used for many different purposes Your personal information is used for many different purposes Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. A free help desk is provided A free help desk is provided A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. Documents • Logs are kept for an undefined period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that may keep logs indefinitely, allowing user sessions to be tracked over time. Logs that are kept for a time "consistent with applicable law" also fall under this case, since this period of time may be murky or undefined. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Third-party cookies are used for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you The Agreements can be updated at any time, including in a way that negatively affects user rights, without notifying before or after the changes. • Many different types of personal data are collected The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • Your Personal data may be sold unless you opt out There is a form to opt-out (typically California's CCPA) of the selling of your personal data. This is a bad a point because there are many services that don't have this form due to not selling your data in the first place. • Information is gathered about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting Tracking technologies (such as web beacons, tracking pixels...) are employed on users and/or the service assigns a unique ID to a browser or device to track its behaviour. • Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • Many third parties are involved in operating the service • You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels These types of cookies/pixels send information to social media sites when you interact with the service. • This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • Your personal information is used for many different purposes Personal Data can be processed for many reasons, including non essential processing such as for advertising, marketing and analytics purposes. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your personal data is used for advertising Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • Information is provided about how they collect personal data The service details situations in which they collect personal information or means by which they do. • You can opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. • Information is provided about how your personal data is used The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • Information is provided about what kind of information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the GDPR. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users The service has a different behavior towards users protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • A free help desk is provided The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites The service rejects any responsibility for the contents of other websites to which it links. • Third-party software used and/or distributed by the service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • This service is only available to users that are at least 18 years old The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites The service states that whenever it links to third party websites or applications, its privacy policy does not apply. Those third party websites or applications hosted or operated by other organizations may have their own privacy policies. • Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder Should any portion of the Terms of Service be unenforceable or invalid, that portion will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the remainder of the TOS will remain valid and enforceable. • First-party cookies are used First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location • Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header. Even though the Do Not Track (DNT) header was not implemented perfectly, services should not track users whose browsers send a DNT header. • Cookie Policy • Privacy Policy