FileFactory About Premium Sign In Sign Up Acceptable Use Policy 1. Acceptance of terms FileFactory. com ("site") is owned and operated by FileFactory Cloud Storage LLC ("we", "us"). By using the Site, or registering as a user, You agree to be bound by the following Acceptable Use Policy. We are committed to providing the highest quality cloud file storage, sharing and distribution service possible. In order to provide a safe, secure and legal service to you, there are a few restrictions on the way you can use this Site. This Acceptable Use Policy is designed to supplement and support your general standards of good behaviour. Common sense applies. It does not replace your obligations under any applicable laws or regulations. 2. No copyright infringement You must only upload files you are legally entitled to reproduce, publish, or distribute. By uploading a file, you warrant that you own or are otherwise legally authorised to share the file. We take allegations of copyright infringement seriously. If you are aware of infringing material, please report it in accordance with our Copyright Policy. 3. General restrictions You must not: Access the services through any unauthorised or unsupported interface (e. g. indexing or scraping content or listings); Access or modify any account or personal information of our users without authorisation; Adversely affect or disrupt our services, or the systems of any user in any way, including by virus or malware, spam, denial of service, or any other method; Scan, test, or exploit any security vulnerability, or circumvent any security measure on our system or network; Send any promotion, advertisement or unsolicited communication (spam) to, from or via our systems; Publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or deceptive, including any scam or 'phishing' attempt; Obfuscate, obscure, mask or provide false identifying information; Use the services in violation of any applicable law or regulation. 4. Content restrictions You must not upload, share, or distribute any files, comment, or link to any material that contains any of the following: Any content that is illegal (including any content refused classification) in your country any location our servers are based from time to time; Any content that may adversely affect our commercial reputation, brand and goodwill; Any virus, malware, trojan, or intentional security vulnerability; Child exploitation material, or any promotion of paedophilic activity; Materials that instruct, promote, incite or support, or enable any in crime, violence or terrorism; Materials that promote, incite or support discrimination or hatred of a person or group; Pornographic, indecent or abhorrent content including but not limited to rape (or simulated or implied rape), bestiality (sex involving animals), drunken content (or simulated or implied drunken sex), incest (or simulated or implied incest), forced sex (or simulated or implied forced sex) depicted in but not limited to images and videos (including anime and cartoons) regardless of whether participants are willing or paid actors; Spam, promotion, advertising or any unsolicited communication. Any suspected illegal activity may be reported to the relevant authorities. FileFactory reserves the right to apply a fine of USD$25,000 per instance. 5. Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy Technologies and laws change constantly. To maintain a safe, secure and legal service, we reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Acceptable Use Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. FileFactory About Premium Sign In Sign Up FileFactory About Premium Sign In Sign Up FileFactory FileFactory About Premium Sign In Sign Up About Premium Sign In Sign Up Acceptable Use Policy 1. Acceptance of terms FileFactory. com ("site") is owned and operated by FileFactory Cloud Storage LLC ("we", "us"). By using the Site, or registering as a user, You agree to be bound by the following Acceptable Use Policy. We are committed to providing the highest quality cloud file storage, sharing and distribution service possible. In order to provide a safe, secure and legal service to you, there are a few restrictions on the way you can use this Site. This Acceptable Use Policy is designed to supplement and support your general standards of good behaviour. Common sense applies. It does not replace your obligations under any applicable laws or regulations. 2. No copyright infringement You must only upload files you are legally entitled to reproduce, publish, or distribute. By uploading a file, you warrant that you own or are otherwise legally authorised to share the file. We take allegations of copyright infringement seriously. If you are aware of infringing material, please report it in accordance with our Copyright Policy. 3. General restrictions You must not: Access the services through any unauthorised or unsupported interface (e. g. indexing or scraping content or listings); Access or modify any account or personal information of our users without authorisation; Adversely affect or disrupt our services, or the systems of any user in any way, including by virus or malware, spam, denial of service, or any other method; Scan, test, or exploit any security vulnerability, or circumvent any security measure on our system or network; Send any promotion, advertisement or unsolicited communication (spam) to, from or via our systems; Publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or deceptive, including any scam or 'phishing' attempt; Obfuscate, obscure, mask or provide false identifying information; Use the services in violation of any applicable law or regulation. 4. Content restrictions You must not upload, share, or distribute any files, comment, or link to any material that contains any of the following: Any content that is illegal (including any content refused classification) in your country any location our servers are based from time to time; Any content that may adversely affect our commercial reputation, brand and goodwill; Any virus, malware, trojan, or intentional security vulnerability; Child exploitation material, or any promotion of paedophilic activity; Materials that instruct, promote, incite or support, or enable any in crime, violence or terrorism; Materials that promote, incite or support discrimination or hatred of a person or group; Pornographic, indecent or abhorrent content including but not limited to rape (or simulated or implied rape), bestiality (sex involving animals), drunken content (or simulated or implied drunken sex), incest (or simulated or implied incest), forced sex (or simulated or implied forced sex) depicted in but not limited to images and videos (including anime and cartoons) regardless of whether participants are willing or paid actors; Spam, promotion, advertising or any unsolicited communication. Any suspected illegal activity may be reported to the relevant authorities. FileFactory reserves the right to apply a fine of USD$25,000 per instance. 5. Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy Technologies and laws change constantly. To maintain a safe, secure and legal service, we reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Acceptable Use Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Acceptable Use Policy 1. Acceptance of terms FileFactory. com ("site") is owned and operated by FileFactory Cloud Storage LLC ("we", "us"). By using the Site, or registering as a user, You agree to be bound by the following Acceptable Use Policy. We are committed to providing the highest quality cloud file storage, sharing and distribution service possible. In order to provide a safe, secure and legal service to you, there are a few restrictions on the way you can use this Site. This Acceptable Use Policy is designed to supplement and support your general standards of good behaviour. Common sense applies. It does not replace your obligations under any applicable laws or regulations. 2. No copyright infringement You must only upload files you are legally entitled to reproduce, publish, or distribute. By uploading a file, you warrant that you own or are otherwise legally authorised to share the file. We take allegations of copyright infringement seriously. If you are aware of infringing material, please report it in accordance with our Copyright Policy. 3. General restrictions You must not: Access the services through any unauthorised or unsupported interface (e. g. indexing or scraping content or listings); Access or modify any account or personal information of our users without authorisation; Adversely affect or disrupt our services, or the systems of any user in any way, including by virus or malware, spam, denial of service, or any other method; Scan, test, or exploit any security vulnerability, or circumvent any security measure on our system or network; Send any promotion, advertisement or unsolicited communication (spam) to, from or via our systems; Publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or deceptive, including any scam or 'phishing' attempt; Obfuscate, obscure, mask or provide false identifying information; Use the services in violation of any applicable law or regulation. 4. Content restrictions You must not upload, share, or distribute any files, comment, or link to any material that contains any of the following: Any content that is illegal (including any content refused classification) in your country any location our servers are based from time to time; Any content that may adversely affect our commercial reputation, brand and goodwill; Any virus, malware, trojan, or intentional security vulnerability; Child exploitation material, or any promotion of paedophilic activity; Materials that instruct, promote, incite or support, or enable any in crime, violence or terrorism; Materials that promote, incite or support discrimination or hatred of a person or group; Pornographic, indecent or abhorrent content including but not limited to rape (or simulated or implied rape), bestiality (sex involving animals), drunken content (or simulated or implied drunken sex), incest (or simulated or implied incest), forced sex (or simulated or implied forced sex) depicted in but not limited to images and videos (including anime and cartoons) regardless of whether participants are willing or paid actors; Spam, promotion, advertising or any unsolicited communication. Any suspected illegal activity may be reported to the relevant authorities. FileFactory reserves the right to apply a fine of USD$25,000 per instance. 5. Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy Technologies and laws change constantly. To maintain a safe, secure and legal service, we reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Acceptable Use Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. 1. Acceptance of terms FileFactory. com ("site") is owned and operated by FileFactory Cloud Storage LLC ("we", "us"). By using the Site, or registering as a user, You agree to be bound by the following Acceptable Use Policy. We are committed to providing the highest quality cloud file storage, sharing and distribution service possible. In order to provide a safe, secure and legal service to you, there are a few restrictions on the way you can use this Site. This Acceptable Use Policy is designed to supplement and support your general standards of good behaviour. Common sense applies. It does not replace your obligations under any applicable laws or regulations. 2. No copyright infringement You must only upload files you are legally entitled to reproduce, publish, or distribute. By uploading a file, you warrant that you own or are otherwise legally authorised to share the file. We take allegations of copyright infringement seriously. If you are aware of infringing material, please report it in accordance with our Copyright Policy. 3. General restrictions You must not: 4. Content restrictions You must not upload, share, or distribute any files, comment, or link to any material that contains any of the following: Any suspected illegal activity may be reported to the relevant authorities. FileFactory reserves the right to apply a fine of USD$25,000 per instance. 5. Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy Technologies and laws change constantly. To maintain a safe, secure and legal service, we reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Acceptable Use Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. • Access the services through any unauthorised or unsupported interface (e.g. indexing or scraping content or listings); • Access or modify any account or personal information of our users without authorisation; • Adversely affect or disrupt our services, or the systems of any user in any way, including by virus or malware, spam, denial of service, or any other method; • Scan, test, or exploit any security vulnerability, or circumvent any security measure on our system or network; • Send any promotion, advertisement or unsolicited communication (spam) to, from or via our systems; • Publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or deceptive, including any scam or 'phishing' attempt; • Obfuscate, obscure, mask or provide false identifying information; • Use the services in violation of any applicable law or regulation. • Any content that is illegal (including any content refused classification) in your country any location our servers are based from time to time; • Any content that may adversely affect our commercial reputation, brand and goodwill; • Any virus, malware, trojan, or intentional security vulnerability; • Child exploitation material, or any promotion of paedophilic activity; • Materials that instruct, promote, incite or support, or enable any in crime, violence or terrorism; • Materials that promote, incite or support discrimination or hatred of a person or group; • Pornographic, indecent or abhorrent content including but not limited to rape (or simulated or implied rape), bestiality (sex involving animals), drunken content (or simulated or implied drunken sex), incest (or simulated or implied incest), forced sex (or simulated or implied forced sex) depicted in but not limited to images and videos (including anime and cartoons) regardless of whether participants are willing or paid actors; • Spam, promotion, advertising or any unsolicited communication.