It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Open HumansGrade BPointsThe service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. This service only uses temporary session cookies Temporary session cookies are cookies that are deleted when you close your browser instead of remaining there until they are manually deleted (or expire). These cookies are only used for the purposes of the service and therefore disappear when it's no longer used. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. DocumentsData Use PolicyTerms of UsePublic Data Guidelines Open HumansGrade B Open Humans PointsThe service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. This service only uses temporary session cookies Temporary session cookies are cookies that are deleted when you close your browser instead of remaining there until they are manually deleted (or expire). These cookies are only used for the purposes of the service and therefore disappear when it's no longer used. The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. DocumentsData Use PolicyTerms of UsePublic Data Guidelines Points The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. User logs are deleted after a finite period of time User logs are deleted after a finite period of time User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e. g. warrant canary). You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. This service only uses temporary session cookies This service only uses temporary session cookies This service only uses temporary session cookies Temporary session cookies are cookies that are deleted when you close your browser instead of remaining there until they are manually deleted (or expire). These cookies are only used for the purposes of the service and therefore disappear when it's no longer used. The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Service does not allow alternative accounts Service does not allow alternative accounts Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. Documents • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account, since you granted them a perpetual or (in some cases) an unlimited license over that content. • User logs are deleted after a finite period of time Logs are text files containing some information about web visitors, such as user agents (showing for instance that you're connecting from Firefox for Android) and ip addresses (which reveal your approximate location). This case applies to Services that periodically delete their logs to prevent user sessions being tracked over time. • The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data In case the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they will make reasonable efforts to inform/notify the user (e.g. warrant canary). • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • The service provides a complete list of all cookies set by its website The service provides users with a complete list of all first and third party cookies its website sets and an explanation of their uses. This information can be valuable for users to make an informed choice whether to allow those cookies. • The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online • The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • The service provides information about its attitude towards ethical, social or political problems or controversies If a service expresses a worldview antithetical to the user’s, that is a good signal that they should not use the service. Or conversely, if the service expresses an uncommonly-held belief that the user agrees with and thinks is relevant to the service-user relationship and/or important, they may wish to use that to choose between otherwise comparable services. • This service only uses temporary session cookies Temporary session cookies are cookies that are deleted when you close your browser instead of remaining there until they are manually deleted (or expire). These cookies are only used for the purposes of the service and therefore disappear when it's no longer used. • The service allows you to use pseudonyms You don't need to provide your full name to use the Service and you are allowed to use a pseudonym instead. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance. Users will be notified a week before the Terms are somehow updated, which lets them a reasonable amount of time to carefully read the changes and perhaps stop using the services if they do not longer agree. • You can choose the copyright license You have the right to choose or change the license over content you publish through the Service. • Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • Service does not allow alternative accounts Services that do not allow multiple or alternative accounts are covered by this case. Alternative accounts can contribute to an increased privacy, but can also be used to manipulate discussions and polls and might decrease the trustworthiness of a person. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes The user agrees not to commit any unlawful acts through the use of the website, including the posting of illegal content or messaging. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • Data Use Policy • Terms of Use • Public Data Guidelines