Skip contentPrivacy PolicyPrint policyContentsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
What information does ClassDojo collect?
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesWebsite Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTransparencyCookies PolicyPremium Features TermsThird Party Service ProvidersChild Privacy TermsVirtual Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy HighlightsLast updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Skip contentPrivacy PolicyPrint policyContentsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
What information does ClassDojo collect?
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesWebsite Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTransparencyCookies PolicyPremium Features TermsThird Party Service ProvidersChild Privacy TermsVirtual Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy HighlightsLast updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Privacy PolicyPrint policyContentsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
What information does ClassDojo collect?
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesWebsite Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTransparencyCookies PolicyPremium Features TermsThird Party Service ProvidersChild Privacy TermsVirtual Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy HighlightsLast updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Privacy PolicyPrint policyContentsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
What information does ClassDojo collect?
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesWebsite Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTransparencyCookies PolicyPremium Features TermsThird Party Service ProvidersChild Privacy TermsVirtual Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy HighlightsLast updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Privacy Policy



Privacy Policy



Print policyContents



Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
What information does ClassDojo collect?
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesWebsite Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTransparencyCookies PolicyPremium Features TermsThird Party Service ProvidersChild Privacy TermsVirtual Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy HighlightsLast updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Last updated: 2023-10-05Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.
IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!
Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.
ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.
What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.
How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.
Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.
How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.
How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.
What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.
Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.
Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.
Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.
What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.
U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.
How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.
How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



Privacy Policy HighlightsWe believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.



We believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.
You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights: Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.
How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.
Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.
We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.
What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.
We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.
We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.
We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.
We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.
You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.
Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.
Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.
Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.
Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.



We believe you should always know what data we collect from you, how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both.
We want to empower users to make the best decisions about the information that they share with us.
In fact, we made a short video for students and children that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We offer a Student Data PrivacyAddendum, an agreement we enter into with schools or districts that further describes our duties, responsibilities, and commitments with respect to Student Data that we collect or receive.



This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services (defined below) and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
Additionally, if you are using our Dojo Tutoring product, please find the Dojo Tutoring Privacy Policy located here.



You should read this policy in [full], but here are the highlights:



Personal Information We Collect : Please see this page where we detail the personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.



We also have Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
You can also find more details below.



How We Use the Information We Collect : We use the personal information we collect from students (or about students from teachers and parents) to provide and improve the Service, for educational purposes, security, and safety purposes, or as allowed by law.
We will not require children to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service.
See here for more information on our use of information collected from students and children using the Service not connected to a school or classroom ("Outside School Child User"), including for educational and other learning activities at home through certain premium features that may be purchased, ( " Premium Features").
For additional information regarding our use of information collected from teachers, parents, and school leaders, see here.



Data Retention : We will not retain student personal information for any longer than is necessary for educational purposes and legal obligations, or to provide the Service for which we receive or collect the student personal information.
We protect students with our industry-leading Student Data Protection Policy: we automatically delete their Feedback Points awarded in school after a year, and we delete Students' Accounts if they're inactive for more than twelve months.
Some content within a student account utilized in school or for educational purposes connected to a school or classroom ("Student Account") will be kept after deletion of the account for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) or "Student Data" under state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
This can include content uploaded by a student, teacher, school leader, or parent.



We store non-student user personal information, including content uploaded by Outside School Child Users, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Service to you and others.
For non-student users (as well as Outside School Child Users), personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted or until we no longer need the data to provide the Service, whichever occurs first.
Additionally, some data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time.
For additional information on our retention periods, see here.



What Children's Information is Shown Publicly?
No Student's Account, or Outside School Child User's account("Outside School Child Account"), profile, or Portfolio is made available or visible to the general public through ClassDojo.
For a list of what logged in student users and Outside School Child User's information can be viewed by other logged-in ClassDojo users, please see our FAQ.



We Never Sell Personal Information : We will never sell or rent your personal information or non-personal information.
We will only disclose personal information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, such as with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting) or as required by law, and we will be transparent about who these service providers are.



We will contractually require that these service providers process personal information in accordance with our instructions and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We ensure that these service providers employ reasonable and comprehensive data protection and security protocols.
See here for more details.



We make clear commitments, consistent with our obligations under the Student Privacy Pledge, regarding how we handle student data in the event of a change to our organization (such as a merger) where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred or acquired.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
Please see here for more details.



We never use student or children's data for behaviorally targeted or third-party advertising : Information collected from students and Outside School Child Users (including personal information and information collected automatically) is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising.
We also do not place any third-party advertisements in student or Outside School Child User logged-in areas of the Service.
Additionally, personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users by us or any third-party.
We may present contextually relevant educational content (not using Student or Outside School Child User personal information) for either our own products (e.
g.
, Premium Features) or third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to a student (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness, and Heart of a Champion series) or an Outside School Child User.



You own your data : We don't own any content or information you provide or we receive - you (students, Outside School Child Users, parents, and/or schools) will own your content and information.



Security and Privacy by Design and Default : We use security industry best practices to protect personal information, including using encryption and other security safeguards to protect personal information.
We design products with security and privacy in mind from day one.
See here for more information as well as our Security Whitepaper and Privacy Center.



Transparency and Choice : We will be transparent about our practices so that you can make meaningful choices about how your personal information is used.
If we make a material change, we will provide prominent notice by posting a notice on our Service or this website page and/or we will notify you by email (if you have provided an email address to us).
See here for more information.



Right to Access, Correction, and Deletion of Data : We support access to, correction, and deletion of children's personal information by the student or their parent or legal guardian, either by 1) assisting the school in meeting its requirements for access, correction, and deletion or by responding to requests we receive from schools, or 2) directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians when the information is collected from an Outside School Child User, and ClassDojo obtains the consent directly from the parent or legal guardian.
Where we are directly responding to requests from parents or legal guardians, the school would not be acting as the agent of the parent and consenting - such as when they are using our Premium Features or use ClassDojo not connected to a school.



Teachers, parents, school leaders, and other users can contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your account or here once you are signed in to your account to access, correct, or update their personal information, or they can use the features in their account settings to do so.
See here for more information on all user's rights, including about any additional rights you may have depending on the jurisdiction you reside in.



IntroductionClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!



ClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.
Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy explains: What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it), How we use and share that information, The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.
We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.
This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.
ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.
For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.
We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!



ClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day.



Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us.



This Privacy Policy explains:



We will only collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy applies whether you login to use ClassDojo through https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Platform"), our mobile applications (the "ClassDojo Apps"), or any of our other products or services that link to this Privacy Policy that ClassDojo, Inc.
("ClassDojo," "we," "us," "our," and our subsidiaries or affiliates) may provide now or in the future (collectively, the "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy also covers ClassDojo's treatment of any personal information about our users that our partners or other services share with us, for example, responses to a teacher survey collected through SurveyMonkey.



This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational website located at https://www.
classdojo.
com (the "ClassDojo Website") nor does it apply to the Dojo Tutoring product located at https://tutor.
classdojo.
com ("Dojo Tutoring Website") as well as the areas of the Dojo Tutoring Website where users login to use the Dojo Tutoring platform (the "Tutoring Platform"), or any Dojo Tutoring mobile applications (the "Dojo Tutoring Apps") (collectively, the "Dojo Tutoring Service(s)").
The ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy is located here.
The Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy is located here.



This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.
g.
, social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service.
These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information.



ClassDojo may be acting as both a Controller and a Processor as those terms are defined under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, including as implemented or adopted under the laws of the United Kingdom ("GDPR"), or as defined under any other applicable state privacy law in the United States.
For more information, please see below.



Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles.
We've done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms, but if you're not familiar with terms like personal information, cookies, IP address, pixel tags, and browsers, read about these key terms.



For students and Outside School Child Users, we have a short video that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about.
We've also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with 'Basically.
.
.
') to aid in understanding, but it isn't legally binding.



We hope you find this clear and friendly.
If you have any questions, we're here to help.
You can visit the ClassDojo Privacy Center to learn more about how we protect your privacy, or send us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com.



Basically,



Protecting your privacy is incredibly important to us.
This Privacy Policy is here to help you understand how we treat any personal information that you share with us when you use the ClassDojo Services.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the ClassDojo Services and does not apply to the informational ClassDojo Website or the Dojo Tutoring Services - you can find the ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy here and the Dojo Tutoring Services Privacy Policy here.
Other companies that ClassDojo doesn't own or control will have their own privacy policies, and you should read them, too!



Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.



By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.



By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services.
Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.



Basically,



By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy.



ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.



ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.
ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.
ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.
For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
Basically, ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.



ClassDojo participates in the iKeepSafe Safe Harbor program.
iKeepSafe has granted ClassDojo the COPPA Safe Harbor seal signifying its Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices surrounding the collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of personal information from children are consistent with the iKeepSafe COPPA Safe Harbor program guidelines.



ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification.
Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA.



ClassDojo is also a signatory to the Student Privacy Pledge.
We agree to a set of principles intended to safeguard student privacy, including responsible stewardship, protection, and transparent handling of student personal information.
Read more about the Student Privacy Pledge here.



For more information about COPPA and generally protecting children's online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.



Basically,



ClassDojo is certified COPPA-compliant, has a certification stating that its policies and practices help schools meet their FERPA obligations, and has also signed the Student Privacy Pledge.



What is ClassDojo?
School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.



School Use ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island") Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.
Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.
In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.
School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.
Out of School Use Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).
Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.
Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").
More information on how the Service operates is located here.
Basically, ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.



School Use



ClassDojo is a communication and classroom management platform that brings schools, families and kids together.
.
Teachers encourage and engage students in class and keep parents and other teachers in the loop.
Teachers use ClassDojo to give students encouragement (or "Feedback Points") for showing critical skills or strengths - ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership.
Teachers can also post assignments using the activities feature for students to complete on ClassDojo ("Activities").
Teachers can privately message parents or send group messages with text, pictures, videos, and stickers.
They can also post assignments and Activities, or add posts to Class Story, School Story and individual Student Portfolios.
Teachers can also facilitate kids in their class to play Dojo Islands together ("School Dojo Island")



Parents get to be a part of their child's classroom experiences, and can receive messages from their child's teachers or comment on Class Stories and School Stories.
Parents can only view their own children's Feedback Points (if elected to be shown by their child's teacher) and Portfolios, not those of any other students.
They may also set up their child's account on ClassDojo for use in school and at home.
Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features for additional ways to stay engaged with their school community and celebrate their child's growth.
Note, however, that the Premium Features also have features that are not connected to a school covered in the "Out of School Use" section.



Students can have their own Student Account to view feedback given by teachers and parents, and perform additional tasks, such as posting to their Portfolio, responding to assigned Activities ("Student Activity Responses"), commenting on Class Story or Portfolio posts (teacher and student comments collectively "Portfolio Comments"), customizing their ClassDojo avatar, and playing on their School Dojo Island.



In order to have a Student Account created, children will need to either (1) have the Student Account created at school by their teacher (only after the teacher represents to ClassDojo that they have authority to act as the agent of the parent and consent on the parent's behalf for the student to use ClassDojo for educational purposes or (2) create their own Student Account, such as with a username and password (which will require parental consent); or (3) have their parents create their Student Account at home after we have obtained parental consent.



School leaders also play a meaningful role on ClassDojo.
They can share notes, events, photos, and videos on School Story; only teachers, parents, and students connected to the school can see these posts.
School leaders can also create classes and events, share classes with teachers to give feedback to students, post to Class Story and Portfolios, add Portfolio Comments, message with parents, manage their school's directory, and see Highlights of their school.



Out of School Use



Parents may optionally purchase Premium Features to help encourage their children at home.
Parents may also create an Outside School Child Account for their child to use ClassDojo not connected to a school (only after we have obtained parental consent).
Any at-home points ("Home Points") and content uploaded through use in an Outside School Child Account are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students, but the customization of the monster through Premium Features may show up in the child's Student Account and viewable in school (e.
g.
, by teachers, school leaders, and other students).



Children may use ClassDojo in the non-school context with their Outside School Child Account - for use with the parents and other parent-approved uses, including with certain Premium Features and using Dojo Island at home not in connection with school use ("Home Dojo Island").
For more information on the distinction between a Student Account and Outside School Child Account please see here.



Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other



Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging").



More information on how the Service operates is located here.



Basically,



ClassDojo is a platform that brings school leaders, teachers, students, and parents together.
ClassDojo can be used by school leaders, teachers, students, and families at school for communication, feedback, classroom management, and to play in their School Island on Dojo Islands.
ClassDojo can also be used by families at home, including with children using their Outside School Child Account for the Home Dojo Island, or to use Premium features like Home Points.
Learn more here.



How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here



Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here



Please see our Children's Privacy Policy here



What information does ClassDojo collect?
We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Information You Provide To Us We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects" There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user: Account Sign-up and Profile Information: To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.
g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo.
You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service.
If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school).
This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code).
If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.
g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name).
Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
School Information and Collaboration Features: If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already.
If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.
g.
, our "Find a Teacher" feature).
This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users.
By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see.
Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
Class Information and School Directory: As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents.
Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school.
When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory.
If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student.
The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins.
If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child.
If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message.
Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school.
If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher.
Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class.
When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory.
Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
Inviting Others: As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo.
When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in.
When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to.
A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request.
See the FAQ for more information.
As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo).
We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book.
If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.
g.
, as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.
g.
WhatsApp).
As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter).
Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
Messaging: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging.
Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging").
As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.
Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.
As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.
We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.
In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.
Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story.
Parents can react to or comment on these posts.
For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy.
Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts.
Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story.
If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts.
If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.
We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.
Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event.
The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds.
Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event.
The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
Portfolio Comments: Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent).
Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent).
Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features.
Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here.
Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo.
Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public.
Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
Points: Feedback Points – School As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.
Home Points Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality.
The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total.
These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students.
Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
Rewards and Skills: Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills").
Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned.
Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features.
Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal.
Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.
g.
, by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center).
Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school.
This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.
You can learn more here Billing and Payment Information : As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account.
You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features.
Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent.
Please see our FAQ for more information.
We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance.
Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases.
These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase.
We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase).
Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings.
Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island.
For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here.
Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island.
Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account.
Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island.
Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island.
Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement.
These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields.
We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product.
We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
Testimonials: We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial.
We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial.
We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly.
To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.
g.
such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.
g.
the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo: As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number.
Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service.
We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support.
When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.
If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Basically, We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.
Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.
The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.
g.
, if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site).
We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.
e.
such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
Local storage : We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.
Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.
Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs).
We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
Mobile application information: Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number.
This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs.
Examples include things like: Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information IP address Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show) This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.
Location information: When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address.
We collect both coarse (i.
e.
, city-level) location data and precise location data.
If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission.
We never request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users.
From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us.
If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.
g.
camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data).
We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.
g.
, the person receiving a message).
If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).
We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.
Cross-device collection: To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.
g.
, the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.
).
These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality.
We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service.
Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses.
We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.
Basically, We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.
Information Received from Third Party Sources We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Basically, We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Service (described below under "Information You Provide to Us") and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under "InformationWe Collect Automatically").
We may also receive information about you from third-party sources (as described below under "Information Received from Third-Party Sources").
The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether you are signed up as a teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student or Outside School Child User and how you use ClassDojo (e.
g.
, if teachers join their school, we may need to collect school address information).
We have also created this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



Basically,



ClassDojo asks for some information directly from teachers, school leaders, parents, Outside School Child Users and students (such as account information), and also collects some information automatically (such as crash reports when errors occur) in order to provide you with the best possible ClassDojo experience.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



Information You Provide To Us



We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Service.
When we act as a Controller, this information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, for our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service, and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services.
Our use of the information set forth below is described in the section "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects"



There are currently six categories of users on our Service: teachers, school leaders, verified members of the school staff ("school admins") parents, students, and Outside School Child Users.
Additionally, as a non-logged-in visitor to the ClassDojo Website, you may provide personal information to us as set forth in our separate ClassDojo Website Privacy Policy.
We describe the information collected from students and Outside School Child Users in the "How We Protect Children's Personal Information" section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user:



Parents can also message other parents connected to their child's school through Family Messaging.
When a parent sends a message through Family Messaging, this is not considered part of the Service that is offered to schools, and may contain messages and other content not related to the school (e.
g.
organizing play dates).
Please see our FAQ for more details, including the controls available to parents such as opting out of Family Messaging.
Please note that while it is a parent's choice to participate in Family Messaging, they are automatically added to the list of available individuals that may be contacted by other parents and users and will need to opt-out or choose other available options, such as "blocking" certain individuals.



As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging.
If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language.
Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message.



We will collect and store messages from ClassDojo Messaging, and Family Messaging, and any content sent with the messages (e.
g.
, photos or videos), to provide the Service, and for ClassDojo Messaging, to help teachers, school admin, and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents.
For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.



Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message.



In the case that a photo or video is shared through ClassDojo Messaging showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through ClassDojo Messaging that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by using the reporting mechanism within the Service or emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Please note that ClassDojo may not be able to remove certain content as the content may be deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law (including in international jurisdictions).
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.
In addition, if a user needs to report any abuse or inappropriate content sent through Family Messaging, they may do so using the reporting mechanism within the application directly, or by emailing us at safety@classdojo.
com.
Note that these reports within Family Messaging will not go to the school first.



Please be aware that by using Class Story or School Story, any posts, photos, videos, comments or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, students (whose parents have provided verifiable parental consent to ClassDojo or the student's teacher has represented they have provided any necessary parental consent), and teachers and school leaders that are members of that class or school, respectively.
In the case that a photo or video is shared in a Class Story or School Story showing a student who does not want photos taken of him/her (or whose parent does not want photos taken of him/her), or if any user needs to otherwise report any abuse or inappropriate content on a Class Story or School Story that has not been addressed by the connected teacher or school, they may do so by emailing at safety@classdojo.
com to request removal, subject to any photo or record being deemed an "education record" under FERPA or any applicable law.
If a photo or video is considered an "education record" you will need to first contact your child's school to request removal.
For more information on when photos or videos are considered an "education record" please see the Department of Education's guidance here.



Feedback Points – School



As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can customize a list of feedback types that you want to encourage or recognize using Feedback Points, such as persistence, teamwork, or leadership.
These Feedback Points cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service.
A student's Feedback Points and any notes the teacher adds about the point, can only be viewed on ClassDojo by that student, the teacher who awarded them, that student's connected parent account(s) (if the teacher has elected to show them to the parent), and other teachers or school leaders the class is shared with.
If the teacher chooses to display totals to the class, other students in the class may be able to see each other's aggregated totals (but not individual Feedback Points).
We may also present aggregate summaries (e.
g.
of total percentage) of Feedback Points awarded by the teacher along with any photos from a Class Story or School Story to parents.
As an added privacy measure to protect students, the ClassDojo platform automatically sets limits on how long Feedback Points are retained.
For all students, Feedback Points older than 12 months are automatically deleted on a rolling 12-month basis.
For example, if a teacher sets up a class on ClassDojo on January 1, 2023, any Classroom Feedback Points given in that class on or before January 1, 2023, would be deleted by January 1, 2024 (and no longer viewable by any ClassDojo user).
This means that Feedback Points cannot exist long-term.
Teachers can also delete Feedback Points at any time.



Home Points



If you are using the ClassDojo App, we may ask you for certain permissions – please see here for more detail about those permissions.
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.



Basically,



We ask you for different types of information based on who you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, student, or Outside School Child User) and which ClassDojo features you use (e.
g.
, sending a message between a teacher and a parent, or helping a teacher or parent join their school).
We have also prepared this chart of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored.



Information We Collect Automatically



When you use the Service, we (or our service providers) may use various technologies that automatically record or collect certain information, including personal information, from your browser or your device about the services you use and how you use them.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the Service.
For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to ClassDojo (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show).
If you use ClassDojo on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices.
If we combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.



The technologies and information we automatically collect include:



Like many services, ClassDojo (or our service providers) uses both local storage and cookies and other similar technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information about our users, understand your engagement with the Service, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you -–for example, by remembering your language preferences or other information so that you will not have to re-enter it during the next time you visit the Services.
Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details.



This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next -– for example, by showing which features are most (or least!
) popular and to send notifications to a device (such as push notifications if the user opted in) to encourage the user to finish an activity or start the next activity.
We may use your IP address and share it with third parties to help diagnose problems with our servers, for security purposes, to manage the Service, to enhance the Services based on usage pattern data and for analytics and for advertising.
Third party sharing of IP address information for analytics and advertising is not allowed for student and Outside School Child Users.
We automatically delete IP address tracked in server logs after six months.



We will not store or track your precise device location on an ongoing basis or without your permission.
We do not share precise geolocation data with third-parties, other than our service providers as necessary to provide the Service.
If you no longer wish to allow us to track your precise location information, you may opt-out at any time by turning it off at the device level.



Basically,



We collect some information from you automatically (and additionally use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information) so that we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of ClassDojo need some improvement.
If we need to request street-level ("precise") geolocation data from you as a teacher, school leader, or parent, we'll ask for your explicit, opt-in consent.
We never request precise geolocation data from students.



Information Received from Third Party Sources



We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us (e.
g.
survey information or information about the name of teachers and address of schools).
If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading "Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information".
Local law may require you to authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
We do not control, supervise, or respond to how third parties providing your information process your personal information, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third-parties.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



Basically,



We may collect some information from third-party sources, such as SurveyMonkey when we send questionnaires to teachers and parents.
That information will be handled under this Privacy Policy.
Please see this chart with the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, and the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose.



How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.



First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.
We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to: _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
_Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _.
This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
_Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.
g.
, fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
_Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us.
We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents).
Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
_Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ .
To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
_Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
_Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.
We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.
We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").
When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.
Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.



First and foremost, you should know that ClassDojo does not sell or rent any of your, or your child's personal information to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or children (by us or third-parties).
We may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party educational products and services that we believe may be of interest to you (e.
g.
, our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness).
ClassDojo commits that its collection, use, retention and sharing of personal information shall be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed and for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Information Transparency Chart and that the personal information will not be further processed in a manner incompatible with these purposes.



We use your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Our use of information collected from students and Outside School Child Users using the Service is set forth in our Children's Privacy Policy.
More specifically, this information collected (from non-students and non-Outside School Child Users) is used to:



We use automatically collected information (described in the "Information We Collect Automatically" section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please see the Online Tracking Technologies Policy.



We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making").



When acting as a Controller, We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving and protecting the Service and our users' experience with it, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.
Depending on the circumstances, we may also rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you, to protect your vital interest or those of other persons or the Service, and to comply with applicable laws.



Additionally, when acting as a Controller, we will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section related to marketing given our legitimate interests in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.



Please note that we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means so that the information no longer relates to you.
Subject to applicable laws, where we have anonymized and/or de-identified information so that it no longer identifies you personally, our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.



Basically,



ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your information to third-parties, we don't permit third-party advertising on ClassDojo, and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users.
We use your information to provide and personalize the Service to you, optimize and improve our Service, communicate with you about our Service, and for security and safety reasons.
We may also use the information provided by parents, teachers, and school leaders to provide information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you.



Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.



ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service.
Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders.
Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island.
More information is covered in "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?
".
If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents.
The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school.
For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features.
Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.
Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.
Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.
In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.
With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.
Basically, ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.
And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.



ClassDojo does not sell or rent your (or your child's) personal information to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to ClassDojo and personal information collected from students and Outside School Child Users is never used for behaviorally-targeted advertising to students or Outside School Child Users (by us or third-parties).
Furthermore, we do not disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below:



Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with.
We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others.



Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share.
For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo.
Please see here for more information on third-party services.
Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.



Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA").
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security.
We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf.
These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.



Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users).
We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms.
These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest.
These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo.
Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.
You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.



Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.
A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.



Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo.
Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.



Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations.
Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service.
In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.



Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.



Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.



Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party.
Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy).
We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us.
If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company.
We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.



In the unlikely event that ClassDojo goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your personal information, and will not sell it to any third-party.
For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see our FAQ.



Basically,



ClassDojo doesn't sell or rent your personal information to any third-parties.
We believe your information is yours, and you should own it - we think that's the right way to operate.
We share some information with service providers who help us provide you with the Service – like companies that help us send emails, for example, or if we have to to comply with the law.
Additionally, you may choose to share information with other users of the Service or to third-parties that are integrated on our Service.



And, if ClassDojo is ever acquired or goes out of business, our commitments don't change: we still won't sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Your personal information will continue to be protected by this policy, and any company that acquires ClassDojo will have to abide by this policy unless you give consent to a new policy.



How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.



The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular: Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest.
This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures.
For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls.
In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" section.
We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us.
More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.
com .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Basically, The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.



The security of your personal information is important to us.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you and you should maintain good internet security practices.
Where you have password-protected access to an account or certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or QR code secure at all times.
You should not share your password or QR code with anyone.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us.
In particular make sure any compromised account can't access ClassDojo.
We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information.
If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.



We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access.
In particular:



For additional information on our security practices, please see our Security Whitepaper and our Privacy Center.



Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can't guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws and school reporting requirements) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.
classdojo.
com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.



Basically,



The security of your information is important to us, and we take it very seriously.
We're always adding safeguards to ensure the safety and security of ClassDojo and our community of teachers, school leaders, parents, and students.
You can help us out by keeping your password and QR code secret!
When you enter personal information anywhere on the Service , we encrypt the transmission of that information using SSL by default.
ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest, which converts all personal information stored in the database to an unintelligible form.
Please see our Security Whitepaper for more details.



How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.



We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.
You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.
Non-Student Users: We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Our contractual or business relationship with you.
Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.
g.
for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.
Basically, We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.



We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings.



You can read more about ClassDojo's data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information here.



Non-Student Users:



We store your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, including those described above.
We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitations).
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the purposes for which we use it.
Personal information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods of specific personal information.



You can, of course, delete your account at any time.
Please note that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and parents are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
Additionally, some content uploaded by a teacher, school leader, or parent, including photos, videos, and Portfolio Comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story, are retained at the direction of the school (e.
g.
, for legal compliance reasons such as maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "Student Data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions) and will not be deleted until we receive direction from the school.
Please note that we may also have to retain some information after your account is deleted or closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.



Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted:



For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.



Student Users and Outside School Child Users:



Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.



Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.



Basically,



We keep teacher, school leader, and parent personal information until your account is deleted, or until we no longer need it to provide you with the Service.
Please see "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?
" for details on how long we retain data for student users and Outside School Child Users.
Please see our Information Transparency Chartfor more specific information on retention periods for specific personal information.
You can, of course, delete your accountat any time.
For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our service providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
We may retain de-identified information for as long as we deem appropriate.



Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWe try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.



We try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.
Access or correct your personal information Control who you share information with Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo Object or restrict processing Withdraw Consent Take information out of ClassDojo Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
Basically, At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.
How to Exercise Your Rights You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.
Basically, To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.
Access or Correct Your Personal Information ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).
Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page.
You may have to verify your identity before you can do that.
You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above.
In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.
Basically, You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.
How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?
We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.
When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.
We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.
Basically, You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.
Basically, You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.
Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.
European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/gdpr-data-request by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.
com/uk-gdpr-data-request/ by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom Basically, If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.



We try to be transparent about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
You control the personal information you share with us.
You may have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws.
Please review local data protection laws for more information.
Depending on the applicable local laws these rights may include the rights set forth in this Section.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights set forth in this Section.



If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the "CCPA").
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.



Basically,



At ClassDojo, we believe that more transparency is better.
We try to give you control, with easy settings and options, so that you can make good choices when it comes to your information and how it is used.
We also set forth the ways in which you can exercise your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as well as your right to take information out of ClassDojo and object or withdraw consent.
If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights as set forth under the CCPA.
Please see the Section "California Privacy Disclosures" Section for more information if you are a California resident.
Additionally, if you are a resident of certain other states within the United States, you may have additional rights as set forth in the U.
S.
State Law Requirements Section below.



How to Exercise Your Rights



You may exercise any of these rights described in this section by making a request here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for example by requiring you to provide acceptable forms of personal identification as set forth here.
Your personal information may be processed in responding to these rights.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
If you are an employee of a ClassDojo customer, we recommend you contact your employer's system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.



We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights.



Basically,



To exercise your rights, please make a request here once you are signed into your ClassDojo account.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise allowed or required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information.



Access or Correct Your Personal Information



ClassDojo aims to provide you with easy access to any personal information we have collected about you and give you easy ways to update it or delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business purposes (e.
g.
, we need at least an email address for your account if you maintain an account with us) or legal purposes.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your ClassDojo account).



Basically,



You have certain rights to access, update and correct your personal information.
You can always access and manage your personal information through your ClassDojo account, or by contacting us or your child's school if they created your child's account.
Please see here for more information on accessing your child's information.



How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account?



We hope you love using ClassDojo now and always.
However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your child's account, if you are his or her parent), you can do that at any time by contacting us as set forth above.
If you are a parent, teacher, or school leader using the Service, you may also delete your account by logging into your account and accessing your account settings page.



When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your username, password, email address, and profile photos) and depending on the category of user you are (i.
e.
, teacher, school leader, parent, child, or student), the additional content or personal information uploaded for use will be deleted as set forth in our FAQ.
Information that you have shared with others, others have shared about you, or content other users may have copied and stored, is not part of your account and may not be deleted when you delete your account.
Additionally, please note that even if your account is deleted, messages or content shared between teachers and parents (or Portfolio Comments and content shared between teachers and students) are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations.
This includes, for example, any content uploaded, including photos and videos, or comments on ClassDojo Messaging, Portfolios, Class Story, or School Story.
Additionally, some content within a Student Account, such as Student Activity Responses and other content uploaded by the student and/or teacher, will be kept after the Student Account is deleted for school legal compliance reasons (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
If you would like this content deleted, please first put in a request to your (or your child's) school.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, the school may submit the request to ClassDojo as set forth here For more details, please read "What happens when I delete my account?
" in our FAQs.



We aim to maintain our Services in a manner that protects personal information from accidental or malicious destruction.
Because of this, even after you update or delete personal information you have provided us from our Service, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a ClassDojo account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
Also, we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.



If you are a California resident, we may also retain personal information as set forth under the CCPA Please see our FAQ for more information if you are a California resident.



Basically,



You can always delete your account by visiting your account settings, or simply by contacting us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account.
For more details on what happens when you delete your account, click here.
Please note that some content will not be deleted given various compliance and recordkeeping obligations schools have (e.
g.
, maintenance of "education records" under FERPA or "student data" under various state student privacy laws or equivalent laws in international jurisdictions).
Please contact your (or your child's) school if you would like all of this content deleted.
If the school determines that the request should be implemented, they may submit a request to us by contacting us here.



Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent



Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by ClassDojo you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to ClassDojo specifying which consent you are withdrawing.
Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
ClassDojo provides school leaders, parents and teachers with the opportunity to withdraw consent or 'opt-out' of receiving any future marketing communications from ClassDojo and its partners at any time.
Please see the "What communications will I receive from ClassDojo?
" section below for more information.
Additionally, you can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies.
However, it's important to remember that many of ClassDojo's features may not be accessible, or may not function properly - for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.



In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require ClassDojo not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest.
If you object to such processing ClassDojo will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing as set forth below and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ClassDojo override your own.



Basically,



You have the right to withdraw consent for the collection of your personal information, and also opt-out of marketing communications from us.
You may also be able to limit the ways in which ClassDojo uses your personal information.
Email us at privacy@classdojo.
com from the email used to create your ClassDojo account or by following the instructions here once you are signed in to your ClassDojo account and we'll help you right away.



Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative



If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country.



European Data Protection Officer



General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative



Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU.
You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR:



UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative



Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK



GDPR representative in the UK.
You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR:



Basically,



If you're located in the EU you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the EU, European Data Protection Office (EDPO) using their online request form.
If you are located in the UK, you can contact ClassDojo's appointed local representative in the UK, EDPO using their online request form.



What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.



If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.
If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.
If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.
You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.
You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.
If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested Basically, From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.



If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in.
We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users.
These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail.
If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it.
We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.



If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided.
Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications.
You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages.



If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo.
The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message.
If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission.



You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device.



You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the "How can I contact ClassDojo with questions?
" section below.
Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.



If you reside in Canada or other jurisdictions that require opt-in consent, you may have also opted in to receive future promotional electronic communications from us.
If you opt-in to receive such communications, we may use the information to: communicate with you regarding our products, services and promotions; provide you with other information that you request; and/or improve our product and service offerings.
You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email.
We provide an ongoing opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by us as set out on our website or by contacting us by e-mail at privacy@classdojo.
com, or as otherwise described in our messages to you.



If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages.
For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested



Basically,



From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features.
You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you.



Third-party Authentication ServicesIf you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.



If you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.
Basically, We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.



If you decide to register for a ClassDojo account through an authentication service, such as Google Login ("Authentication Service"), ClassDojo may collect personal information that is already associated with your account connected to the Authentication Service.
If you choose to provide such information during registration, you are giving ClassDojo the permission to store and use such information already associated with your Authentication Service in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.



The current list of Authentication Services that we use is listed here.
Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own Authentication Service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojowhen used in connection with the Services in school.
We will only use the email collected from student users for the purposes of login and account management.
Please note that for parent and family users, we may also show the email address provided to us from the Authentication Service to the teacher the parent is requesting to connect to in order to help the teacher validate the parent and/or family user.
The Authentication Service may collect certain other information from you in your use of that particular service (such as G-Suite for Education).
You may revoke ClassDojo's access to your account on any Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service.
You should check your privacy settings on each Authentication Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Authentication Service.
Please review each Authentication Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Your use of Authentication Service is subject to the applicable third-party terms and privacy policies.
Please see here for more information on what we collect through the use of Authentication Services and how we use that information.



Basically,



We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.
g.
with Google Login).
If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service.



Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo.



Third-Party ServicesThe Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.



The Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
Basically, Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.



The Service may contain links to websites, applications, services, or other content provided by third-parties (e.
g.
, video players).
In addition, teachers or school leaders may choose to place third-party links to outside resources for Student Users ("School Third Party Links") within their use of the Service (e.
g.
in a Student User's Portfolio).
ClassDojo does not control or monitor any such School Third Party Links and does not encourage students to click on School Third Party Links through the product.
Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing and sharing of information about you, depending on the features.
Any information, including personal information, you choose to provide or that is collected by these third-parties is subject to that third-party's policies governing privacy and security and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.



These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service.
The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties.
We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.



Basically,



Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those.



Is ClassDojo a Controller?
ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.



ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.
When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.



ClassDojo processes personal information both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the GDPR and/or used under the CCPA or other applicable privacy laws.



When the ClassDojo Services are used in connection with school use, ClassDojo acts as a Processor (or service provider as defined under CCPA or other applicable privacy laws) and we will process personal information, including Student Data, only at the direction and control of the school.
Additionally, ClassDojo will only delete personal information and Student Data or education records per the school's specific instructions.
As a student or teacher (or parent making a request about a student's personal information), you should direct any requests for access, correction or deletion of personal information through the school as further detailed here



ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when:



Further details are outlined in the "What information does ClassDojo collect?
" section.



What if I’m not in the U.
S.
?
ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.



ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.
Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.
By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.
Basically, Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.
EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.
Basically, ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.
CANADA We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.
Basically, ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.



ClassDojo is hosted and operated in the United States.
If you use the Service from the European Union or the United Kingdom, or any other region with laws governing data collection, protection and use that may differ from United States law, please note that you will be transferring your personal information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.
The personal information we or our service providers collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe, and certain information may be accessible by persons or companies outside of the United States who provide services for us.
Prior to transferring yourpersonal information to the United States, ClassDojo will take appropriate steps to ensure that the personal information will be safeguarded and used only for authorized purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or in accordance with applicable laws.



Additionally, where we transfer, store and process your personal information outside of the United Kingdom, European Union, or EEA, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses (where we process data as a Processor for schools) or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art.
46 GDPR), such as the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework, or other applicable regulator.
For more information on these safeguards, please see our FAQ.



By using the Service, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside your home jurisdiction, including to the United States, and to the storage of your personal information in the United States, for the purpose of hosting, using and processing the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You further acknowledge that these countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country from which you provided your personal information, and that ClassDojo may be subject to access requests and be compelled to disclose your personal information to government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials outside of your home country (including the United States).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in the "How Can I Contact ClassDojo With Questions" section below.
If you have questions regarding our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country, please contact us as set out below.



Basically,



Our servers are located in the U.
S.
, so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.
S.



EU – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.
S.
DPF), SWISS – U.
S.
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.
S.
DPF



ClassDojo complies with the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.
S.
DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF) as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce (collectively the "DPF Programs").
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.
S.
DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo has certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
ClassDojo will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF from the date that they become recognized in the United Kingdom and Switzerland respectively as providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal data.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.
S.
DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (collectively, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the DPF Programs, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.



ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.



With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.
S.
Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.



ClassDojo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about the collection and use of your personal data.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs should contact us using the details set out in the " How to Exercise Your Rights" Section.
In compliance with the EU-U.
S.
DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.
S.
DPF and the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF, ClassDojo commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF Programs to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.



Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF Principles website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures outlined above have been exhausted.



Basically,



ClassDojo has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU- U.
S.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union and from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU- US DPF.
ClassDojo has also certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles (Swiss-U.
S.
DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.
S.
DPF.
To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.
dataprivacyframework.
gov/.



CANADA



We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with the applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") and the provincial private sector privacy laws in British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec.
For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com.



Basically,



ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada.



U.
S.
State Data Privacy DisclosuresOverview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.



Overview If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.
Transparency You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").
Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.
Your Rights and Choices If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.
You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Basically, If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.
Sensitive Personal Information In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.
The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.
Do Not Share My Personal Information ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Basically, ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.
Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.
Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.
Basically, ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.
Notice for Minors (Users under 18) If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.
Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.
Basically, If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.
" Shine the Light" Law Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.



Overview



If you are a U.
S.
resident, we process your personal information in accordance with applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Some U.
S.
state privacy laws, like the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) require specific disclosures for state residents.
This section of our Privacy Policy contains information required by the CCPA and other U.
S.
state data privacy laws.



Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized.
We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized.



Transparency



You have the right to know what kinds of personal information ClassDojo collects and the sources of that information, how we use that information, and our business purpose for that collection.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information ("Notice at Collection").



Please see the "What Information Does ClassDojo Collect?
" and the "How Does ClassDojo Use the Information it Collects?
" sections of our Privacy Policy for more information on the personal information we collect, the sources of that information and how we use this information.
Please also see the "Will ClassDojo Share Any Information It Collects?
" and "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Information About Me?
" section of our Privacy Policy for more information on when ClassDojo may disclose personal information and how ClassDojo retains personal information.



Your Rights and Choices



If you are a California resident or resident of any other state with an applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, you have the right to request that ClassDojo disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected, the third parties with whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose, and information on retention periods for the categories of personal information.



You also have specific rights of access, deletion, correction and data portability regarding your personal information under the CCPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
You have the right to request that ClassDojo provide the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you.
We provide these same rights to all users regardless of location.
Please see the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
The VCDPA, CPA and other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising.
You may also designate a natural person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State (or your applicable state) to act on your behalf to exercise these rights.
For more information please see our FAQ.



We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law with a similar right.
Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, we will not:



However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.
S.
state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.
S.
state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.



Basically,



If you are a U.
S.
resident with an applicable state specific privacy law, such as , the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA or UCPA, these laws afford you certain rights of access, deletion and data portability - which we also extend to all users.
Please see the ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights Section for more detail on how to exercise these rights, including how we will verify requests.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the applicable state privacy laws.
Additionally, if you are a California resident you are entitled to certain disclosures regarding our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months - Please see this chart for the detailed categories of personal information we collect from each user type, including the sources from which the information was collected, the business purpose for which the information was collected and the third parties with whom we share or disclose personal information for a business purpose.



Sensitive Personal Information



In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain allowed activities under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Sensitive personal information is a subset of personal information and is defined differently under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
Please see our Information Transparency Chart for a list of any sensitive personal information that we may collect, use and disclose based on the applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.
If you are a California resident, we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed under the CCPA, Section 7027(m).



We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information



As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, ClassDojo does not sell personal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Please note that a sale does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under applicable U.
S.
state data privacy laws.



California Privacy Disclosures



In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.
S.
State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures.



The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories and specific types of required disclosures.
Please see our Notice of Collection which organizes this information.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained.
You can find those details by clicking on the Notice of Collection.



Do Not Share My Personal Information



ClassDojo does not share its users' personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, as those terms are defined under the CCPA.
Furthermore, we do not share or disclose personal information with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth here.



If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a ClassDojo Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.



Basically,



ClassDojo does not sellpersonal information of any ClassDojo Services user to any third-party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Currently, ClassDojo does not share its users personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If ClassDojo in the future does share or sell any personal information of a Dojo Tutoring Services user located in California, we will provide the CCPA required "Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information" link in the footer of our website as well as honoring an Opt-Out Preference Signal as set forth below.
ClassDojo will not share or sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
For a list of third-party service providers we disclose information to, please see here.



Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal



Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information to be "tracked" .
For more information on "do not track," please visit www.
allaboutdnt.
org.
The industry working group (W3C Tracking Protection) to develop the DNT standard is now closed, so ClassDojo does not respond to these DNT signals.
There are different (from DNT) opt-out preference signals set forth under the CCPA ("Opt-Out Preference Signals") also called a Global Privacy Control (GPC) Signal.
ClassDojo will respond to Opt-out Preference or Global Privacy Control Signals.
This signal will apply to the browser.
A consumer can use an Opt-Out Preference Signal by following the instructions here.



Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address.
Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly.



Basically,



ClassDojo does not respond to DNT signals as there is lack of industry standard and the working group to resolve these issues is also now closed.
However, if you are a user based in California, Dojo Tutoring will respond to Opt-Out Preference or GPC Signals as those terms and signals are defined under the CPRA.
This signal will apply to the browser and a consumer can use an opt-out preference signal by following the instructions here.



Notice for Minors (Users under 18)



If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using ClassDojo under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service.
Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but if in the future this is a feature, you have this right to request removal.
Minors can share content or comment on Class Stories which can only be seen by users with access to that particular class - such as other students, parents, and teachers.
Additionally, ClassDojo offers various interactive features where minors can interact directly with each other.



Minors (or the minor's parents if under 13) have the option to delete personal information associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their Student Account on their Portfolio on Class Stories or content they may share with other children through their Outside School Child Account.
If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete personal information associated with your Student Account or Outside School Child Account or content you uploaded through your Student Account or Outside School Child Account, please follow the directions set forth in the "ClassDojo's commitments to providing Transparency and Your Rights" section, which may include the need to contact your school first.
Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain at the direction of the school or under applicable laws.



Basically,



If you are a minor or parent of a minor, you may delete information per the "How can I delete my account?
" section.



" Shine the Light" Law



Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.
83(c)(2), ClassDojo does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
California customers can receive more information about our compliance with this law or to make a request under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 by sending us an email at privacy@classdojo.
com or by writing to us as set forth in "How Can I Contact ClassDojo with Questions" section below.



How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.



We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.
In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
Basically, We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.



We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users.
You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page.
Any updates will be effective upon posting.
We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.



In addition, if we ever make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and provided consent on their behalf.



We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service.
If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!
).
By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.



We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.
g.
, by email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.



Basically,



We will let you know by email and/or on our website when we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to the types of personal information we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify parents, or ask for their consent and provide schools with the necessary information about these changes where they have acted as the agent of the parent and consented on their behalf.



How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.



If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc.
735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Basically, Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.



If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.
com - we'd love to help.
If you'd like, you may also write to us at:



ClassDojo, Inc.



735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103



Attention: Chief Privacy Officer



Basically,



Questions?
We're here to help!
Email us any time at privacy@classdojo.
com.



Further Privacy and Security ResourcesFor teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



For teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.
For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.
For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.
For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.
For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.
Basically, If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



For teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on ClassDojo, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center as well as on our Security Whitepaper.



For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, please visit this Key Terms FAQ.



For our Online Tracking Technologies Policy, please see here.



For our short video for students that highlights the most important details in our Privacy Policy that they should know about, please see here.



For our chart that details the personal information we collect, how we use it, and where it is stored, please see here.



Basically,



If you'd like some more safety and privacy resources for your school, please visit our Privacy Center or our Security Whitepaper.
For definitions of Key Terms used in this policy and our Terms of Service, visit here.



• Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy HighlightsIntroductionAcknowledgment and ConsentClassDojo's Privacy CertificationsWhat is ClassDojo?How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?What information does ClassDojo collect?How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your RightsWhat Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?Third-party Authentication ServicesThird-Party ServicesIs ClassDojo a Controller?What if I’m not in the U.S.?U.S. State Data Privacy DisclosuresHow Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?Further Privacy and Security Resources
• Privacy Policy Highlights
• Introduction
• Acknowledgment and Consent
• ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications
• What is ClassDojo?
• How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
• What information does ClassDojo collect?
• How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
• Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
• How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
• How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
• Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your Rights
• What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
• Third-party Authentication Services
• Third-Party Services
• Is ClassDojo a Controller?
• What if I’m not in the U.S.?
• U.S. State Data Privacy Disclosures
• How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
• How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
• Further Privacy and Security Resources
• Website Privacy Policy
• Terms of Service
• Transparency
• Cookies Policy
• Premium Features Terms
• Third Party Service Providers
• Child Privacy Terms
• Virtual Terms of Service
• Privacy Policy Highlights

• Privacy Policy Highlights
• Introduction
• Acknowledgment and Consent
• ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications
• What is ClassDojo?
• How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information?
• What information does ClassDojo collect?
• How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects?
• Will ClassDojo share any information it collects?
• How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information?
• How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me?
• Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your Rights
• What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo?
• Third-party Authentication Services
• Third-Party Services
• Is ClassDojo a Controller?
• What if I’m not in the U.S.?
• U.S. State Data Privacy Disclosures
• How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy?
• How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions?
• Further Privacy and Security Resources

• What information ClassDojo collects from you (and why we collect it),
• How we use and share that information,
• The choices and rights you have, including how to access, update, delete your information, and take your information out of ClassDojo.

• Account Sign-up and Profile Information:  To create a ClassDojo account as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, password, relationship to a child (e.g parent, grandparent), and an optional profile photo. You may also choose to sign up through an Authentication Service. If a student's teacher is creating the Student Account on behalf of the student, they will provide the student's name, grade (unless the student was previously created at the school). This same information is also used to create the Student Account on the parent's behalf (the parent does not currently need to provide any additional personal information of their child if a parent is connected to the child with the unique parent code). If the parent is creating their child's account and is not connected to their child's school (e.g the Outside School Child Account), they may provide additional information about their child (such as first and last name). Teacher, school leader, school admin and parent profiles may be viewed by other teachers, school leaders and school admin in the same school as well as parents connected to the school or class; however, no parent, or student or Outside School Child Account profile is made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service.
• School Information and Collaboration Features:  If you are a teacher, school leader, or school admin, as part of the profile information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school's address if we do not have it already. If you are using the Service as a teacher, school leader, school admin or parent, we may ask you for permission to collect and store your precise geolocation information to help us identify schools located nearby for you, including to help connect your parent account to your child's school (e.g., our "Find a Teacher" feature). This location data is only temporarily captured and not stored beyond the initial search request for schools near the user and is not viewable by other users. By connecting you to your school and verifying your position, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers, school admin and School Leaders within the same school (and parents of children at that school) such as adding photos, videos, and text updates on Class Story or School Story for parents, students and other verified teachers in that school to see. Learn more about our current collaboration features and what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, school admins, students and parents and who can view these stories here.
• Class Information and School Directory:  As a teacher, school leader or school admin, you enter the grade level and the first and last names of the students in your class or school and may optionally enter their parents' email addresses or phone numbers in order to invite parents. Alternatively, teachers, school admins or school leaders can also upload a document or spreadsheet to the Service with the students' first and last names or choose students from the School Directory if they are already in a class of a verified teacher within the school. When verified teachers add new students to their class, those students are automatically added to the School Directory. If a teacher or school leader invites the student's parents, and the parents create accounts and connect to their child, the parents' email addresses are shown in the School Directory next to the student. The School Directory can only be viewed by verified teachers, school leaders and school admins. If a parent would like to have their email removed from the School Directory, they should reach out to their child's school or disconnect from their child. If the parent creates an account and connects to their child, their name and their child's first name and last initial, as added by a verified teacher, may also appear in the list of individuals others (including parents) in the school can message. Parents can choose to block certain individuals or opt out of Family Messaging if they don't want to be visible to others in the school. If a teacher opts to share the classes they set up on ClassDojo with other teachers or school leaders in their school or outside their school, such as teachers they co-teach with, then those teachers can also see that class's information, excluding parent-teacher messages which remain private between one parent and one teacher. Teachers outside of the school will not have access to the School Directory or see individuals outside of the class. When teachers or school leaders graduate a class, all students (along with their connected parent and their contact information) in the class get moved to a "Graduated Students" section in the School Directory. Teachers or school leaders can choose to remove them from the school at this point, after which they will no longer be visible to anyone in the school.
• Inviting Others:  As a teacher, school leader, or school admin, you can invite your students' parents or other teachers to join the Service, for example by providing their email address or phone number (to invite them via SMS) within ClassDojo. When a teacher, school leader, or school admin joins the school via an invite, they can see all students in the school's first and last names, their parents' first and last name and email address, and when the parent last logged in. When a parent seeks to join the class through the "proactive parent flow" or through a class link shared by a teacher, they will be able to see the first name and last initial) of some students in that class to help them select the right student to connect to. A parent will not be connected to the child through the proactive parent flow or class link until a verified teacher has approved the parent's connection request. See the FAQ for more information. As a parent, you can also invite others to join the Service, including to allow for sharing of your purchased Premium Features (once the family member has joined ClassDojo). We will collect and store the email and phone numbers you provide with these requests and will also treat this as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also ask you for access to the contacts on your mobile device to prevent you from having to enter contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts from your address book. If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly at privacy@classdojo.com.
• Sharing Content: As a teacher, parent, school admin, or school leader, you can share certain content (e.g., as a parent within Premium Features, or a teacher sharing a Class Invite Link)) by utilizing your own native mobile application functionality through the ClassDojo App, for example, by email or SMS or integrating with other applications on your device (e.g. WhatsApp). As a teacher, you may also choose to share a celebration screen stating that your class has 100% of parents connected directly to third party applications (such as Twitter). Students or Outside School Child Users cannot share content through native applications on the device.
• Messaging:  As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can privately message with individual parents that have signed up for the Service, send one-way announcements to all connected parents in your school, or send group messages to connected parents in your school (which parents can respond to) through ClassDojo Messaging. Additionally, as a teacher, you can send messages to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders ("Staff Messaging"). As a parent, you can also message with your child's teacher through ClassDojo Messaging.

• Stories: As a teacher, school admin, or school leader, you can post text, photos, videos, or files to connected families in your class or school through Class Story or School Story. Parents can react to or comment on these posts. For a list of what students can do and what information we collect on a Class Story or School Story, please see our Children's Privacy Policy. Teachers, school admins, or school leaders will be able to see who has viewed these posts. Teachers', school admins', and school leaders' profile pictures and last name will be visible to others if they post or comment on Class or School Story. If parents comment or like a post, their profile pictures and child's first name and last initial will be visible to others who view Class Story or School Story posts. If students comment on a story post, their monster avatar, first name and last initial will be visible.We will collect and store the content from Class Stories and School Stories, including any photos or videos, to provide the Service, and to help teachers and school leaders keep a log of their communications with parents. For more information on how long these are retained, please see here.

• School Calendar and Events: Teachers, school admins, and School Leaders can create school or class events using the native ClassDojo calendar function which will capture information such as date, time, the name of the event and event details the teacher inputs as well as any photo or image used for the theme of the event. The calendar event will be shown to any School Leaders, teachers, school admins and parents connected to that teacher's class or school in their Class or School Story feeds. Teachers will be able to see a 'read receipt' telling them who has viewed the event. The teacher may also opt to send reminders to parents about the events.
• Portfolio Comments:  Teachers can add Portfolio Comments to their students' portfolio content (including prior to any content being shown to the student's parent). Once the teacher has approved the student-uploaded Portfolio post, the Portfolio Comments will then be viewable to the child's parent (but may have been edited by the student or teacher prior to being shown to the parent). Prior to this approval, any Portfolio Comments between the teacher and the student can't be viewed by the student's parent, but any connected parent will receive a notice indicating that the Portfolio Comments feature is being utilized by their child's teacher and can discuss the use of Portfolio Comments with their child's teacher.
• User Generated Content (photos, videos, photographs, documents or audio files): Teachers, school admin, school leaders and parents may upload photos, videos, and other content, including content that may contain personal information and can be viewed by others, on the Service, for example, on Class Story or School Story, through Class Dojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Portfolio Comments and Premium Features. Learn more about what information may be collected and shared from teachers, school leaders, students, and parents through Class Stories and School Stories and who can view these stories here. Additionally, teachers can post Activities on ClassDojo. Once a teacher publishes such Activities, they can be viewed by their students, other teachers connected to their class, and by other teachers that ClassDojo may share with pursuant to the Terms of Service (unless a teacher opts-out), but they will not be viewable by the general public. Parents can also download certain content from a Class Story or School Story or access advanced reporting and additional downloads, by purchasing our Premium Features, but must first confirm that they are giving us consent to use any content that might be deemed an "education record" or "Student Data" in this manner. Please see our FAQ for more information.
• Points:

• Parents are given a limited number of Home Points for use at home but can also choose to customize and award additional Home Points to their children through the Premium Features functionality. The Home Points may be combined with the Feedback Points earned in school for a combined points total. These Home Points are only viewable by the connected parent account(s) and the child using their Outside School Child Account and are not viewable by the child's teacher or other students. Additionally, parents can give a Home Point when they see that the child has received a Feedback Point from school to celebrate them ("Applause").
• Rewards and Skills:  Within Premium Features, parents can create skills or edit the set of skills provided ("Skills"). Parents can give Home Points for a specific skill and award a reward ("Rewards") by redeeming the Home Points their child has earned. Parents can also create and edit the set of Rewards with Premium Features. Additionally, parents can set a "Goal" for a specific Skill and award Home Points to contribute towards that goal. Rewards and Skills given at home can only be accessed through the parent account or the child's Outside School Child Account; teachers and other students are not able to see these Rewards or Skills or to contribute points to them.
• Schoolwide Center: Teachers, school admin, and school leaders with a ClassDojo account and verified in a school can express interest in using ClassDojo schoolwide (e.g., by clicking the "I'm interested" button in the Schoolwide Center). Certain information may be provided to ClassDojo by the teacher, school admin, or school leader, such as the interest, name, and the number of teachers at their school. This information is also made available to other teachers, school admins, and school leaders verified in the school and is used by ClassDojo to provide extra services (such as early access to new products or swag), and support regarding the Services in product and through email.You can learn more here
• Billing and Payment Information :  As a parent, when you purchase any Premium Features, you will first need to have your own parent account. You will then be required to use either your Apple ID, Google Account, or other payment method to purchase the Premium Features. Prior to allowing your child (or children) access to the Premium Features within their Outside School Child Account (or if any children's personal information, educational records or Student Data are utilized in the Premium Features that previously relied on "school consent"), we will also require parental consent. Please see our FAQ for more information. We do not collect any credit card information directly from parents to purchase Premium Features, however we may receive, from our payment processor, the last four digits of your credit card to search for specific transactions in case we want to issue a refund or other related customer support assistance. Please see here for a list of what information we receive from third-parties in connection with your payment method as well as what purchase events and analytics we track through our service providers in connection with your purchases. These purchase events and analytics are collected for internal analysis on product usage and purchase. We may also use it to track purchases that you did not make, and for sending push and email notifications to a parent's email or device to encourage them to take actions within the Service (such as finalizing a purchase). Parents may also share their Premium Features subscription with other parents through their account settings. Please see here for more information on sharing your Premium Features subscription.
• Dojo Islands : Teachers may choose to allow their students through the use of their Student Account to access and play on their School Dojo Island. For more information on how teachers can turn their School Dojo Island or off, see here. Students can explore the School Island, build, and play certain games within the School Dojo Island. Additionally, children can play on their Home Dojo Island using their Outside School Child Account. Please see our Children's Privacy Policy for more information on what data is collected from students when using their Home or School Dojo Island. Please see our FAQfor what information is shared between the Home Dojo Island and a School Dojo Island. Teachers can also participate on the School Island.
• Surveys: Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for internal research purposes and product improvement. These surveys may also ask for your name and email as well as other free form and multiple-choice fields. We may also ask parents or teachers survey questions about their usage, opinions of or familiarity with ClassDojo features we are working on or considering as input into improving the product. We will not collect survey information of Student or Outside School Child Users under 13.
• Testimonials:  We may collect certain personal information (such as your name, photo, and/or video) if you choose to give us a testimonial. We post testimonials on our Service which may contain this personal information in the testimonial. We obtain the individual's consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly. To request the removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.com.
• Conduct and Safety Information: If a user reports another user on the Service (e.g. such as through a "report abuse" button) for conduct or safety issues, ClassDojo collects the information provided in the report (e.g. the username, the content being reported, the reason for reporting) to investigate the report.
• Contact Information and Correspondence with ClassDojo:  As a user of the Service, you may choose to provide us with your personal information, such as a name, email address, and telephone number. Some examples include when you send us an email asking a question, communicate with customer support, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts, including a customer feedback session with ClassDojo to improve the Service. We collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email address and messages) when contacting us for support. When you send us a message using the "Contact Us" page or via email, the email addresses and phone numbers collected are not further used to market to the individual beyond providing the services requested or responding to the requests.

• Cookies and other similar technologies:  We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in Student or Outside School Child User logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our Service that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.g., if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site). We don't allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our Service (i.e. such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you (e.g., our co-created content with Yale University on Mindfulness). Please read our Online Tracking Technologies Policy for more details, including how to modify your cookie settings and a list of the tracking technologies we use.
• Local storage :  We may also use, collect, and store information and preferences locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser-based web storage (including HTTP cookies and HTML5) and application data caches.

• Device information:  We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version and settings, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers (including unique device IDs). We may also collect device event information such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL. This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve ClassDojo for you on your particular device, and send you push notifications if you've opted in to receive them.
• Mobile application information:  Certain mobile applications or "apps" include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to ClassDojo when you install or uninstall that application, such as when you install the ClassDojo App, when you open the application, or when that application periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates. Additionally, we may receive application state and crash log information which will help us debug and improve the ClassDojo App.
• Server log information:  Like most online services, when you use our Service we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs. Examples include things like:

Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information
IP address
Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show)
• Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information
• IP address
• Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show)

• Telephone log information like your phone number and SMS routing information
• IP address
• Details of how you used our Service, such as your activity on the Service (including product event data used to track progress or user activity), and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Service (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show)

• Location information:  When you use our Service, we may collect and process information about your geographic location, for example, based on your IP address. We collect both coarse (i.e., city-level) location data and precise location data. If we request precise geolocation information ("precise" meaning sufficient to identify street name and name of city or town) from you (such as when a teacher or parent is searching for a school), we ask for your explicit opt-in permission. We  never  request precise geolocation data from students or Outside School Child Users. From all users, if they upload photos or videos from their computer, or from their phone camera roll directly, as opposed to choosing to use ClassDojo's own application camera, we collect what the device sends us. If the device sends us Exchangeable Image File Format (EXIF data) (metadata contained within the image file -–e.g. camera model, lighting conditions, and location (if enabled)) this can contain location data (and may contain precise location data). We strip all EXIF data, including the location information, from the photo before it is viewed by other users (e.g., the person receiving a message). If a user accesses and uses our mobile camera within the application itself, the camera has been configured so as to not collect any EXIF data, therefore the EXIF information is not stored (as opposed to if you use your device's own camera roll).

• Cross-device collection:  To provide users with a seamless online experience, we may link your identifiers on different browsers and environments you are using, such as with our syncing technology, DojoCast. We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
• Product events: As users interact with the product, we collect product events about how the product is being used (e.g., the number of points given, which reports are viewed, which features are used, which buttons are clicked, load time, etc.). These are collected to provide the Services, including for internal analysis on product usage and quality. We may also use it to track progress in the Service, and for sending push or email notifications to the parent's, teacher's, or student's device to encourage them to take certain actions in the ClassDojo Service. Our product event logs may also include unique device IDs and IP addresses. We automatically delete IP addresses tracked in product logs after six months.

• _Power Our Services _: This includes, operating, providing, enhancing and improving the Service, for example, by developing new products and features, and personalizing or customizing the Service for you.
• _Provide Internal Analytics and Reviews _. This includes using for internal audits and review, for analyzing how the Services are used, providing statistics about the usage levels of the Services, and diagnosing service or technical problems.
• _Process Your Transactions _: To fulfill your requests and provide any information you request, such as responding to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests for information or customer support or for event registration, scheduling, or attendance; for any other purpose for which the information was collected (e.g., fulfilling Premium Features orders), or for which you provide your consent (if required).
• _Communicate with You _: To send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service or communicate with you about your use of the Service, your account, or transactions with us. We may also send you security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Service (including notifying you of data privacy incidents). Additionally, we may provide school leaders, parents, and teachers information about events, announcements, offers, promotions, products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you and notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants.
• _Request Your Participation in Surveys or Focus Groups _ . To request your participation in ratings, reviews, surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
• _Security and Fraud Prevention _: Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure, such as by detecting, investigating and preventing activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
• _Comply with Law _: To comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request or notify you of data privacy incidents when legally required.

• Other Users You Share and Communicate with on ClassDojo : No teacher, school leader, school admin, parent, student, or Outside School Child User profiles are made available to the general public through our Service. Furthermore, students cannot share their account information or Portfolio with anyone on ClassDojo, outside of their parents, teachers (including those at other schools), or school leaders. Students can see other students' names and avatar and send a limited set of communications in their Class Dojo Island. More information is covered in  "How Does Classdojo Protect Children's Personal Information?". If you are a teacher, school leader, school admin, or a parent, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other ClassDojo teachers, school leaders, students, or parents. The usage of the Service can share information, such as your name and relationship to a child in a class, with other users in the school. For example, this could be information like your account information, Feedback Points awarded to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or Home Points to your children (if you are a parent) or other information you share with teachers, school leaders, or parents you are communicating with through ClassDojo Messaging, Family Messaging, Class Story, School Story, Portfolios, or our other collaboration features. Students can also comment and add "likes" on Class Stories which are shared with other logged-in users who have access to that particular Class Story.

• Third-Party Integrations on our Service : When, as a teacher, school leader, school admin, student, Outside School Child User, or parent, you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, when as a teacher or parent you share a Big Ideas activity on Twitter or Facebook, or as a teacher you provide third party links or integrations for your students, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality and information that you are sharing from ClassDojo. Please see here for more information on third-party services. Please see here for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.
• Service Providers : We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf. These service providers may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security. We may also authorize these third-party companies to collect information on our behalf. These providers have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed. Additionally, these partners and service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Please see here for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service.
• Social Media Platforms: Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students or Outside School Child Users). We may also share certain personal information (never of student or Outside School Child User) with social media platforms and other websites to ensure that these individuals are not marketed to on these platforms. These processing activities, when we are acting as a Controller, are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest. These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by ClassDojo. Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider. You may also choose to contact us here if you would like to opt-out of any such sharing.
• Analytics Services : We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used. These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded. A current list of analytics providers that we use is located here.
• Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other de-identified or non-personally identifiable information (such as statistics about visitors, traffic and usage patterns) with third parties, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how the Service is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for ClassDojo. Any aggregated information and non-personalized information shared this way will not contain any personal information.
• Legal Requirements : We may disclose information, including personal information, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process. We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of ClassDojo, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements. This includes, without limitation, responding to law enforcement and government requests and defending ourselves against third-party claims and allegations. Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon ClassDojo, its users or the Service. In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.
• Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies.
• Sharing with ClassDojo Companies: Over time, ClassDojo may grow and reorganize. We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
• Change of control : The Student Privacy Pledge requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organizations such that all or a portion of ClassDojo or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party. Consistent with the Student Privacy Pledge and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us. If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company. We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (or their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion.

• With your consent: Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your personal information for any purpose unless you consent to it.

• Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your personal information secure
• We perform application security testing; penetration testing; conduct risk assessments; and monitor compliance with security policies
• We periodically review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems
• Whenever we develop new features, we do in a manner to keep your personal information safe
• When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default
• ClassDojo's databases where we store your personal information are encrypted at rest. This converts your personal information into a form that unauthorized users can't translate.
• We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing
• The Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures. For example, personal information is stored on a server equipped with industry-standard firewalls. In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24x7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems, and locked cage areas.
• We automatically delete inactive student accounts and Outside School Child Accounts after a specific period of time, as per our retention policy, described in the "How Long Does ClassDojo Keep Children's Information?" section.
• We also operate a 'bug bounty' security program to encourage an active community of third-party security researchers to report any security bugs to us. More information on this is available by contacting us at security@classdojo.com .
• We restrict access to personal information to authorized ClassDojo employees, agents or independent contractors who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations

• Our contractual or business relationship with you.
• Financial recordkeeping – when you make a payment to us (e.g. for Premium Features) we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of account, dispute investigation and resolution, and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.
• Direct communication with us – if you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.

• Access or correct your personal information
• Control who you share information with
• Delete your Personal Information or account from ClassDojo
• Object or restrict processing
• Withdraw Consent
• Take information out of ClassDojo
• Additional information or assistance and Article 27 GDPR local representative

• Managing Your Information : If you have registered for an account on ClassDojo, you may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on ClassDojo and accessing your account settings page. You may have to verify your identity before you can do that. You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us as set forth above.
• Accessing Your Information : Upon request, ClassDojo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and, If you are a user of ClassDojo, you may request access to all your personal information we have on file by contacting us as set forth above. In some cases, we won't be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions - for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.
• Accessing Your Child's Information : Visit our "Parental Choices" section to see how you can obtain copies of your child's personal information.

• by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request
• by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium

• by using EDPO's online request form: https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
• by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom

• Teachers, school leaders, and parents enter personal information directly into our Service when registering for an account
• Parents or Outside School Child Users use our Service (including certain Premium Features) not in connection with school use

• Deny you goods or services.
• Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
• Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.

