It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! TresoritGrade BPointsThe service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. The Service takes user suggestions into account to update its Terms. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service can suspend your account for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service is only available to users over 18 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsTerms of Use TresoritGrade B Tresorit PointsThe service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. The Service takes user suggestions into account to update its Terms. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service can suspend your account for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service is only available to users over 18 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. DocumentsTerms of Use Points The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. The Service takes user suggestions into account to update its Terms. This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e. g. profits) and intangible losses (e. g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons The service can suspend your account for several reasons If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service is only available to users over 18 years of age This service is only available to users over 18 years of age This service is only available to users over 18 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. Documents • The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason At any time, your account can be terminated without explanation and without warning by the service. • This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes This service forces users to use their own contracted arbitrator and forces users to waive their rights to jury trial. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to 100€ • This service employs third-party cookies, but with opt-out instructions • Features of the website are made available under a free software license This case applies to services under licenses that are free as in "freedom". According to the Free Software Foundation, "free software is the software that grants the user the freedom to share, study, and modify it". Furthermore, the code is entirely open source and may be used without any restriction, including for commercial purposes. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for protecting citizens privacy with strong data regulations. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case why the jurisdiction is friendly to user privacy protection. • User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it Content generated by the users is end-to-end encrypted, in a way that it can't be accessed by anyone unauthorised, and even the service has no technical means to decrypt it. • You maintain ownership of your content This service does not claim ownership over user-generated content or materials, and the user doesn't need to waive any moral rights by posting owned content. • This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time This case applies to Services whose agreements provide previous versions, so that users can compare them and understand how the Service seems to evolve regarding user rights. • User feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms. The Service takes user suggestions into account to update its Terms. • This service respects your browser's Do Not Track (DNT) headers This service does respect the browser's Do Not Track header and disables all user tracking if it is enabled. • The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • You have the right to leave this service at any time You can stop using the service and/or cancel or delete your account at any time for any reason. Moreover, the termination is reasonably fast and simple. • The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers • This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service The service assumes no liability for any damages the user incurs, including tangible (e.g. profits) and intangible losses (e.g. data), resulting from the use or inability to use the service or any other matter relating to the service. • Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination • The service can suspend your account for several reasons • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • This service is only available to users over 18 years of age The Services are intended for users who are at least a certain age. If you are younger than the age required then you are prohibited from using the Service. • Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision Even if the service does not or not always enforce all of the rules or provisions contained in its terms, they still apply. Users can at a later time still be held accountable for violating provisions that have not been enforced consistently. • The court of law governing the terms is in location Switzerland The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction (specified in the title of each point by replacing the "X"). • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • Terms of Use