It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! XiaomiGrade BPointsSpecific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This service provides a way for you to export your data Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data When an organisation trains its staff regarding data, this should be regarded as a positive as it shows they are careful and helps staff to understand how to handle data. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address for location use Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsUser AgreementPrivacy Policy XiaomiGrade B Xiaomi PointsSpecific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This service provides a way for you to export your data Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data When an organisation trains its staff regarding data, this should be regarded as a positive as it shows they are careful and helps staff to understand how to handle data. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address for location use Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsUser AgreementPrivacy Policy Points Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. This service provides a way for you to export your data This service provides a way for you to export your data This service provides a way for you to export your data Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data When an organisation trains its staff regarding data, this should be regarded as a positive as it shows they are careful and helps staff to understand how to handle data. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i. e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use This service collects your IP address for location use Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Documents • Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice This service can delete specific content. Usually they will claim they reserve the right to do it at their sole discretion, which is legalese for saying they won't give a specific reason. If the terms say they will not notify you, it shall be included in the quote but if it does not explicitly say they will give you a notice, it can be reasonably inferred that they can do it without telling you. • Your profile is combined across various products When using multiple services from one same company, they can combine these (unrelated) information sources about you to build up a single richer user profile about you. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you If the Government governing the Terms requests personal data of a user of this service, they may not inform/notify the user while complying with the request. • If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them The service can claim ownership on feedback, proposals, ideas and suggestions submitted by the users, who may waive their "moral rights" on that feedback. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection. The Terms are governed by the applicable laws of a jurisdiction known for weak data regulations and poor user privacy protection. Usually contributors will need to explain in the Analysis view of each point linked to this Case the reason why it shall be applied. • The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of users' data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period The data retention period states how long a service keeps user data. In this case, the service may anonymize the personal data after its retention period is over and use it for analytical or research purposes. • Your personal data is given to third parties Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • This service uses third-party cookies for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes The service will remove personal data from its systems once it is no longer required. Depending on the type of information and the reason it was collected, data retention periods will vary. • The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties The Service provides opt-out instructions to the share of (some) personal information with third parties. • The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data The Privacy Policy explains the purposes for which data is collected and the way it is processed, used and shared. • This service provides a way for you to export your data • Staff at this organisation recieve training about handling data When an organisation trains its staff regarding data, this should be regarded as a positive as it shows they are careful and helps staff to understand how to handle data. • You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches Should the personal information of a service be compromised, the service will inform users if any personal data has been affected by data breaches. This case is also related to privacy. • This service does not sell your personal data This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The service provides two factor authentification for your account The service provides means of further securing your account with two factor authentification, thus greatly improving account security. • Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations The Third Parties accessing your personal information must keep it confidential and only use it for limited purposes. • The user is informed about security practices It's important to know what security measures are taken to protect your data from unauthorized access. This case applies to the Agreements that precisely explain their security practices. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • The service provides a free help desk The service can be easily contacted for questions or provides a support center at no extra cost. • You can opt out of promotional communications You can update your account preferences and/or easily unsubscribe of email/sms lists to stop receiving promotional communications. • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • There is a date of the last update of the agreements The given text has a date that allows to know when it was last updated. • If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed The content you have published on the service may be removed if it infringes copyright. • This service requires first-party cookies First-party cookies only belong to the domain of the service and not a third party. • You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security The service asks the user to notify them immediately of any unauthorized use or security breaches. • Your personal data is aggregated into statistics Your personal data is used for statistics in a de-identified/aggregated form (i.e. not directly linked to a unique identity) to analyse trends, for research and for analytics. • This service collects your IP address for location use • Third parties may be involved in operating the service • User Agreement • Privacy Policy