It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! × It's funding month! 🌟ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! It's funding month! 🌟 ToS;DR is a not-for-profit, FOSS project that depends on donations to keep running. If everyone reading this donated just $1, we'd be funded for the next few years! Amazon AWSGrade EPointsThis service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. This service will warn users about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsAWS Privacy NoticeAWS Service Terms Amazon AWSGrade E Amazon AWS PointsThis service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . )The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. This service will warn users about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service DocumentsAWS Privacy NoticeAWS Service Terms Points This service can view your browser history This service can view your browser history This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i. e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions. . . ) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting. . . ) The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs. . . This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions The service may collect extra data about you through promotions The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. Your biometric data is collected Your biometric data is collected Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. This service will warn users about website maintenance This service will warn users about website maintenance This service will warn users about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Third parties may be involved in operating the service Documents • This service can view your browser history The service can view your search history and the websites you visit, which is an extremely intrusive way of collecting information that may include personal and/or sensitive data. • This service holds onto content that you've deleted Content may remain in backup servers and be retained after deletion, and thus never be completely deleted. This case doesn't apply to contributions that can't be removed due to the nature of the service. • This service may collect, use, and share location data Location-based information is collected and may be used and/or shared with third parties for purposes not directly related to the services provided (i.e. the Service doesn't rely on the use or share of location data to function properly). • Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising The service's website sets third-party cookies (cookies that do not belong to their domain) for purposes not including statistics and analytics. • This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations After the end of the data retention period and/or if you request the deletion of your data, they may still keep it for business interests (fraud detection, transactions...) or legal obligations (tax, legal reporting...) • The service collects many different types of personal data The service collects different kinds of personal data, such as name, demographic information, postal address, biometric data, device information, IDs, contacts, call logs... • This service can license user content to third parties By posting content through the Services, users grant them a transferable and/or sublicensable right, which allows user content to be licensed to third parties. • The service may collect extra data about you through promotions Additional personal data may be collected through contests, surveys, promotions, petitions or sweepstakes. • The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. If the service gets acquired or is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale, your personal data may be transferred or sold. • This service gathers information about you through third parties This Service may employ, either identifiable or non-identifiable, data collection from third party sources about you. • This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes The service may use your personal data for marketing, such as sending you personalised offerings. • This service tracks which web page referred you to it The service logs the URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Site and may use that information to gather more data about you. • This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts. The service may still use your content and display it after you stopped using it by closing your account. The case applies to terms requiring users to grant them a perpetual license over that content. • This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates Unless the service relies on Geo Location, this case is to be assigned to points that don't need your GPS coordinates to function properly. • The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising Your Personal Information is traded and shared with advertising companies to target ads on you, either on the website you were visiting or in third party websites. Your interaction with the service and data you have shared with them may be gathered to create an advertising ID or profile. • This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation Your personal data is or may be given to third parties essential to the service’s operation. This could be an external spam detection service for an internet forum. • Your biometric data is collected This service can collect or use your biometric data. This includes but is not limited to facial recognition, fingerprints, and iris scans. Although this feature can sometimes be convenient to the user, providing this type of information to the service could open your personal data to being sold or stolen. • Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world Your data is stored all over the world, including in countries where data protection rules may differ from the ones of the service's jurisdiction or those of your country jurisdiction. • Third-party cookies are used for statistics For instance, Google Analytics, rather than self-hosted (first-party) statistics software. • Any liability on behalf of the service's beta is only limited to the fees you paid as a user • You can request access and deletion of personal data Users have the right to access personal data hold by the Service, correct it and/or permanently delete it. This usually applies to Services GDPR compliants. • You can delete your content from this service You can ask the service to remove your content at any time, and it's deleted within a reasonable time. • This service will warn users about website maintenance Users will be notified before their experience is impacted due to website maintenance. • The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect The Privacy Policy describes in detail the data collected through the website and through the services provided. • Your personal data is not sold This service makes an explicit promise not to sell "personal data" of users. • The terms for this service are easy to read The Agreements are well-organised, define legal terms (where applicable), aren't needlessly long and may be pleasant to read. • The service has non-exclusive use of your content The service can pay for your content and you are allowed to make it commercially available to other services/parties. • Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service Most browsers allow users to set preferences related to cookies storage. You may choose to block all cookies (including first-party cookies), but it may impact your use of this service and you may not be able to access some or any of the features provided. • Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify The service may update the Terms without notice, but if they significantly change the agreements in a manner that importantly and/or negatively affects the way the service is used, users will be notified. • This service can delete your content if you violate the terms Content infringing the Terms of Service (or the Acceptable Use Policy or equivalent) may be removed, with or without notice. • The service has a no refund policy Payments are final and can't be refunded unless required by law. • The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free beta service The service provider expressly does not claim to provide uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. • Amazon WorkMail prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users are not allowed to use the service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming or any other distribution of content to people who have not agreed to receiving it. • The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk This service does not provide any guarantees as to its usability or fitness for the users' purposes. Users agree to use it at their own risk, accepting any possible bugs, malfunctions or harm to their devices. • You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password and for maintaining the security of your account. Any activity occurring under your account is your responsibility, whether authorized by you or not. • The terms for this service are translated into different languages Although there's generally a unique binding language for the terms, they are translated to allow all users to understand the agreement they're accepting, no matter their native language. • This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements This service provider informs its users that the services, information, products, or other materials provided on its website may not meet the users' expectations or requirements. • This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location • Third parties may be involved in operating the service • AWS Privacy Notice • AWS Service Terms