How can we help you? Frequently Asked Questions General questions Security and Privacy How to use Tuta Payment I can't access my account If you can't log in to your account you might be in one of these situations: You have made a typo in your email address or password: Please double check your address and make sure that you have typed the full address and the correct domain name (for example youraddress@tutanota. com). Make sure that the Caps Lock key is not active. You forgot your password or lost your second authentication factor (2FA): Please read How do I reset my password or second factor? The code from your authenticator App (TOTP) is incorrect: These codes are time-dependent. Please make sure that both Tuta and the authenticator App have the correct time and time zone settings. Some browsers or browser extensions block access to the system's time zone. Your recovery code is not accepted or is wrong: Please double check whether you are using the recovery key correctly. See How do I use the recovery code? Your account might have been deleted due to inactivity: In this case, you should see a corresponding message below the login form. Free accounts are deleted if you do not log in for a period longer than six months. We do not recycle Tuta addresses which means that the address is blocked for new registrations. You can still re-use the deleted address with a paid account, but only if you have the correct credentials for the deleted account. Please see How do I reactivate an account deleted due to inactivity? Your account was suddenly suspended due to another reason: Some accounts are disabled due to a violation of our Terms of Service or due to our spam detection. If you think that we have made a mistake, please contact us in English or German. Please include the email address of your suspended Tuta account and send us the error message you see below the login form. Our secure password reset feature allows only you to reset your password. We have no influence on this process. You can read more about this here. I have found a bug Please try to search for the bug again directly on GitHub before reporting it to us: https://github. com/tutao/tutanota/issues I would like to report abuse Please forward the abusive message with a short explanation in English or German to our abuse team. I have a business request Please contact our sales team in English or German. Read more articles: What are email alias addresses How to send an encrypted email How to prevent phishing Why U2F for second factor authentication is the most secure option Why a backdoor is a security risk Read more articles: What are email alias addresses How to send an encrypted email How to prevent phishing Why U2F for second factor authentication is the most secure option Why a backdoor is a security risk Read more articles: • What are email alias addresses • How to send an encrypted email • How to prevent phishing • Why U2F for second factor authentication is the most secure option • Why a backdoor is a security risk